docs-ref-conceptual/documentdb/common-tasks-using-the-documentdb-rest-api.md, before:

---
title: "Common tasks using the DocumentDB REST API"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-03-29"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "documentdb"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "reference"
ms.assetid: 5a3c4c20-5696-4892-a08e-59100ce825f1
caps.latest.revision: 7
author: "mimig1"
ms.author: "mimig"
manager: "jhubbard"
robots: noindex,nofollow
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Common tasks using the DocumentDB REST API
  This topic provides a list of the most common tasks in DocumentDB and links to articles that show how to perform these tasks by using the DocumentDB REST API. For a sample showing how to perform REST operations in .NET, see [REST from .NET Sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/tree/master/samples/rest-from-.net).  
  
## Databases  
  
* [Create a Database](create-a-database.md)  
* [List Databases](list-databases.md)  
* [Get a Database](get-a-database.md)  
* [Delete a Database](delete-a-database1.md)
* [Query Databases](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)  
  
## Documents  
  
* [Create a Document](create-a-document.md)  
* [List Documents](list-documents.md)  
* [Get a Document](get-a-document.md)  
* [Replace a Document](replace-a-document.md)  
* [Delete a Document](delete-a-document.md)  
* [Query Databases](query-documents.md)

## Attachments  
  
* [Create an Attachment](create-an-attachment.md)  
* [Replace an Attachment](replace-an-attachment.md)  
* [List Attachments](list-attachments.md)  
* [Delete Attachments](delete-attachments.md)
* [Query Attachments](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Document Collections  
  
* [Create a Collection](create-a-collection.md)  
* [List Collections](list-collections.md)  
* [Get a Collection](get-a-collection.md)  
* [Delete a Collection](delete-a-collection.md)  
* [Get Collection Partition Key Ranges](get-partition-key-ranges.md)  
* [Query Collections](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Stored Procedures  
  
* [Create a Stored Procedure](create-a-stored-procedure.md)  
* [List Stored Procedures](list-stored-procedures.md)  
* [Delete a Stored Procedure](delete-a-stored-procedure.md)  
* [Execute a Stored Procedure](execute-a-stored-procedure.md)
* [Query Stored Procedures](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md) 
  
## User Defined Functions  
  
* [Create a User Defined Function](create-a-user-defined-function.md)  
* [Replace a User Defined Function](replace-a-user-defined-function.md)  
* [List User Defined Functions](list-user-defined-functions.md)  
* [Delete a User Defined Function](delete-a-user-defined-function.md)
* [Query User Defined Functions](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Triggers  
  
* [Create a Trigger](create-a-trigger.md)  
* [Replace a Trigger](replace-a-trigger.md)  
* [List Triggers](list-triggers.md)  
* [Delete a Trigger](delete-a-trigger.md) 
* [Query Triggers](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Users  
  
* [Create a User](create-a-user.md)  
* [List Users](list-users.md)  
* [Get a User](get-a-user.md)  
* [Replace a User](replace-a-user.md)  
* [Delete a User](delete-a-user.md)
* [Query Users](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Permissions  
  
* [Create a Permission](create-a-permission.md)  
* [List Permissions](list-permissions.md)  
* [Get a Permission](get-a-permission.md)  
* [Replace a Permission](replace-a-permission.md)  
* [Delete a Permission](delete-a-permission.md)  
* [Query Permissions](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Offers  
  
* [Get an Offer](get-an-offer.md)  
* [List Offers](list-offers.md)  
* [Replace an Offer](replace-an-offer.md)  
* [Querying Offers](querying-offers.md)  


## See Also  
* [Azure Cosmos DB](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/introduction) 
* [Azure Cosmos DB: DocumentDB API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/documentdb/documentdb-introduction)   
* [Azure DocumentDB Reference Documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834805)   
* [DocumentDB SDKs](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-sdk-dotnet/)   
* [REST from .NET Sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/tree/master/samples/rest-from-.net)

Commit message:

renaming DocumentDB to Cosmos DB

docs-ref-conceptual/documentdb/common-tasks-using-the-documentdb-rest-api.md, after:

---
title: "Common tasks using the DocumentDB REST API"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-03-29"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "cosmosdb"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "reference"
ms.assetid: 5a3c4c20-5696-4892-a08e-59100ce825f1
caps.latest.revision: 7
author: "mimig1"
ms.author: "mimig"
manager: "jhubbard"
robots: noindex,nofollow
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Common tasks using the Azure Cosmos DB REST API
  This topic provides a list of the most common tasks in Azure Cosmos DB and links to articles that show how to perform these tasks by using the Azure Cosmos DB REST API. For a sample showing how to perform REST operations in .NET, see [REST from .NET Sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/tree/master/samples/rest-from-.net).  
  
## Databases  
  
* [Create a Database](create-a-database.md)  
* [List Databases](list-databases.md)  
* [Get a Database](get-a-database.md)  
* [Delete a Database](delete-a-database1.md)
* [Query Databases](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)  
  
## Documents  
  
* [Create a Document](create-a-document.md)  
* [List Documents](list-documents.md)  
* [Get a Document](get-a-document.md)  
* [Replace a Document](replace-a-document.md)  
* [Delete a Document](delete-a-document.md)  
* [Query Databases](query-documents.md)

## Attachments  
  
* [Create an Attachment](create-an-attachment.md)  
* [Replace an Attachment](replace-an-attachment.md)  
* [List Attachments](list-attachments.md)  
* [Delete Attachments](delete-attachments.md)
* [Query Attachments](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Document Collections  
  
* [Create a Collection](create-a-collection.md)  
* [List Collections](list-collections.md)  
* [Get a Collection](get-a-collection.md)  
* [Delete a Collection](delete-a-collection.md)  
* [Get Collection Partition Key Ranges](get-partition-key-ranges.md)  
* [Query Collections](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Stored Procedures  
  
* [Create a Stored Procedure](create-a-stored-procedure.md)  
* [List Stored Procedures](list-stored-procedures.md)  
* [Delete a Stored Procedure](delete-a-stored-procedure.md)  
* [Execute a Stored Procedure](execute-a-stored-procedure.md)
* [Query Stored Procedures](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md) 
  
## User Defined Functions  
  
* [Create a User Defined Function](create-a-user-defined-function.md)  
* [Replace a User Defined Function](replace-a-user-defined-function.md)  
* [List User Defined Functions](list-user-defined-functions.md)  
* [Delete a User Defined Function](delete-a-user-defined-function.md)
* [Query User Defined Functions](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Triggers  
  
* [Create a Trigger](create-a-trigger.md)  
* [Replace a Trigger](replace-a-trigger.md)  
* [List Triggers](list-triggers.md)  
* [Delete a Trigger](delete-a-trigger.md) 
* [Query Triggers](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Users  
  
* [Create a User](create-a-user.md)  
* [List Users](list-users.md)  
* [Get a User](get-a-user.md)  
* [Replace a User](replace-a-user.md)  
* [Delete a User](delete-a-user.md)
* [Query Users](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Permissions  
  
* [Create a Permission](create-a-permission.md)  
* [List Permissions](list-permissions.md)  
* [Get a Permission](get-a-permission.md)  
* [Replace a Permission](replace-a-permission.md)  
* [Delete a Permission](delete-a-permission.md)  
* [Query Permissions](querying-documentdb-resources-using-the-rest-api.md)
  
## Offers  
  
* [Get an Offer](get-an-offer.md)  
* [List Offers](list-offers.md)  
* [Replace an Offer](replace-an-offer.md)  
* [Querying Offers](querying-offers.md)  


## See Also  
* [Azure Cosmos DB](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/introduction) 
* [Azure Cosmos DB: DocumentDB API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/documentdb/documentdb-introduction)   
* [Azure Cosmos DB Reference Documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834805)   
* [Cosmos DB SDKs](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-sdk-dotnet/)   
* [REST from .NET Sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/tree/master/samples/rest-from-.net)
