docs-ref-conceptual/documentdb/create-a-document.md, before:

---
title: "Create a Document"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-03-29"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "documentdb"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "reference"
ms.assetid: c341c439-b854-4a5d-8982-448ff5e22f22
caps.latest.revision: 9
author: "mimig1"
ms.author: "mimig"
manager: "jhubbard"
robots: noindex,nofollow
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Create a Document
  A new document can be created by executing an HTTPS POST request against the docs URI resource path.  
  
 Documents are automatically indexed. If automatic indexing is turned off at the collection level, documents can be manually included or excluded from being indexed by using the **x-ms-indexing-directive** header during the POST operation. Documents must adhere to size limits, as specified in [DocumentDB Limits](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/documentdb-limits/).  
  
## Request  
  
|Method|Request URI|Description|  
|------------|-----------------|-----------------|  
|POST|https://{databaseaccount}.documents.azure.com/dbs/{db-id}/colls/{coll-id}/docs|Note that the {databaseaccount} is the name of the DocumentDB account created under your subscription. The {db-id} value is the user generated name/id of the database, not the system generated id (rid). The {coll-id} value is the name of the collection that contains the document.|  
  
### Headers  
 See [Common DocumentDB REST request headers](common-documentdb-rest-request-headers.md) for headers that are used by all DocumentDB requests.  
  
|Header|Required|Type|Description|  
|------------|--------------|----------|-----------------|  
|**x-ms-documentdb-is-upsert**|Optional|Boolean|If set to true, DocumentDB will create the document with the id (and partition key value if applicable) if it doesn’t exist, or update the document if it exists.|  
|**x-ms-indexing-directive**|Optional|String|The acceptable value is **Include** or **Exclude**.<br /><br /> -   **Include** adds the document to the index.<br />-   **Exclude** omits the document from indexing.<br /><br /> The default for indexing behavior is determined by the automatic property’s value in the indexing policy for the collection.|  
  
### Body  
  
|Property|Required|Type|Description|  
|--------------|--------------|----------|-----------------|  
|**id**|Required|String|This is a user settable property. It is the unique name that identifies the document, i.e. no two documents should share the same **id**. The **id** must not exceed 255 characters.|  
|\<custom>|Required|JSON|Any user defined JSON. For document size limit, see [DocumentDB Limits](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-limits/).|  
  
```  
{  
  "id": "AndersenFamily",  
  "LastName": "Andersen",  
  "Parents": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Thomas"  
    },  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Mary Kay"  
    }  
  ],  
  "Children": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Henriette Thaulow",  
      "Gender": "female",  
      "Grade": 5,  
      "Pets": [  
        {  
          "GivenName": "Fluffy"  
        }  
      ]  
    }  
  ],  
  "Address": {  
    "State": "WA",  
    "County": "King",  
    "City": "Seattle"  
  },  
  "IsRegistered": true  
}  
  
```  
  
## Response  
 Returns the body of the created document.  
  
### Headers  
 See [Common DocumentDB REST response headers](common-documentdb-rest-response-headers.md) for headers that are returned by all DocumentDB responses.  
  
|Property|Type|Description|  
|--------------|----------|-----------------|  
|**x-ms-request-charge**|Number|The number of request units consumed by the operation.|  
|**x-ms-session-token**|String|A string token used with session level consistency. Clients must save this value and set it for subsequent read requests for session consistency.|  
  
### Status codes  
 The following table lists common status codes returned by this operation. For a full list of status codes, see [HTTP Status Codes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn783364.aspx).  
  
|HTTP status code|Description|  
|----------------------|-----------------|  
|201 Created|The operation was successful.|  
|400 Bad Request|The JSON body is invalid.|  
|403 Forbidden|The operation could not be completed because the storage limit of the partition has been reached.|  
|409 Conflict|The id provided for the new document has been taken by an existing document.|  
|413 Entity Too Large|The document size in the request exceeded the allowable document size. For more information about document size limits, see [DocumentDB Limits](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-limits/).|  
  
### Body  
  
|Property|Description|  
|--------------|-----------------|  
|**_rid**|This is a system generated property. The resource ID (**_rid**) is a unique identifier that is also hierarchical per the resource stack on the resource model. It is used internally for placement and navigation of the document resource.|  
|**_ts**|This is a [system generated property](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-resources/#system-vs-user-defined-resources). It specifies the last updated timestamp of the resource. The value is a timestamp.|  
|**_self**|This is a system generated property. It is the unique addressable URI for the resource.|  
|**_etag**|This is a system generated property that specifies the resource **etag** required for optimistic concurrency control.|  
|**_attachments**|This is a system generated property that specifies the addressable path for the attachments resource.|  
  
```  
{  
  "id": "AndersenFamily",  
  "LastName": "Andersen",  
  "Parents": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Thomas"  
    },  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Mary Kay"  
    }  
  ],  
  "Children": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Henriette Thaulow",  
      "Gender": "female",  
      "Grade": 5,  
      "Pets": [  
        {  
          "GivenName": "Fluffy"  
        }  
      ]  
    }  
  ],  
  "Address": {  
    "State": "WA",  
    "County": "King",  
    "City": "Seattle"  
  },  
  "IsRegistered": true,  
  "_rid": "1KtjAImkcgwBAAAAAAAAAA==",  
  "_self": "dbs/1KtjAA==/colls/1KtjAImkcgw=/docs/1KtjAImkcgwBAAAAAAAAAA==/",  
  "_etag": "\"00003200-0000-0000-0000-56f9e84d0000\"",  
  "_ts": 1459218509,  
  "_attachments": "attachments/"  
}  
  
```  
  
## Example  
  
```  
POST https://querydemo.documents.azure.com/dbs/1KtjAA==/colls/1KtjAImkcgw=/docs HTTP/1.1  
x-ms-documentdb-partitionkey: ["Andersen"]  
x-ms-date: Tue, 29 Mar 2016 02:28:29 GMT  
authorization: type%3dmaster%26ver%3d1.0%26sig%3d92WMAkQv0Zu35zpKZD%2bcGSH%2b2SXd8HGxHIvJgxhO6%2fs%3d  
Cache-Control: no-cache  
User-Agent: Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client/1.6.0.0  
x-ms-version: 2015-12-16  
Accept: application/json  
Host: querydemo.documents.azure.com  
Cookie: x-ms-session-token#0=602; x-ms-session-token=602  
Content-Length: 344  
Expect: 100-continue  
  
{  
  "id": "AndersenFamily",  
  "LastName": "Andersen",  
  "Parents": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Thomas"  
    },  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Mary Kay"  
    }  
  ],  
  "Children": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Henriette Thaulow",  
      "Gender": "female",  
      "Grade": 5,  
      "Pets": [  
        {  
          "GivenName": "Fluffy"  
        }  
      ]  
    }  
  ],  
  "Address": {  
    "State": "WA",  
    "County": "King",  
    "City": "Seattle"  
  },  
  "IsRegistered": true  
}  
  
```  
  
```  
HTTP/1.1 201 Created  
Cache-Control: no-store, no-cache  
Pragma: no-cache  
Transfer-Encoding: chunked  
Content-Type: application/json  
Server: Microsoft-HTTPAPI/2.0  
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=31536000  
x-ms-last-state-change-utc: Fri, 25 Mar 2016 22:39:02.501 GMT  
etag: "00003200-0000-0000-0000-56f9e84d0000"  
x-ms-resource-quota: documentSize=10240;documentsSize=10485760;collectionSize=10485760;  
x-ms-resource-usage: documentSize=0;documentsSize=1;collectionSize=1;  
x-ms-schemaversion: 1.1  
x-ms-alt-content-path: dbs/testdb/colls/testcoll  
x-ms-quorum-acked-lsn: 602  
x-ms-current-write-quorum: 3  
x-ms-current-replica-set-size: 4  
x-ms-request-charge: 12.38  
x-ms-serviceversion: version=1.6.52.5  
x-ms-activity-id: 856acd38-320d-47df-ab6f-9761bb987668  
x-ms-session-token: 0:603  
Set-Cookie: x-ms-session-token#0=603; Domain=querydemo.documents.azure.com; Path=/dbs/1KtjAA==/colls/1KtjAImkcgw=  
Set-Cookie: x-ms-session-token=603; Domain=querydemo.documents.azure.com; Path=/dbs/1KtjAA==/colls/1KtjAImkcgw=  
x-ms-gatewayversion: version=1.6.52.5  
Date: Tue, 29 Mar 2016 02:28:30 GMT  
  
{  
  "id": "AndersenFamily",  
  "LastName": "Andersen",  
  "Parents": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Thomas"  
    },  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Mary Kay"  
    }  
  ],  
  "Children": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Henriette Thaulow",  
      "Gender": "female",  
      "Grade": 5,  
      "Pets": [  
        {  
          "GivenName": "Fluffy"  
        }  
      ]  
    }  
  ],  
  "Address": {  
    "State": "WA",  
    "County": "King",  
    "City": "Seattle"  
  },  
  "IsRegistered": true,  
  "_rid": "1KtjAImkcgwBAAAAAAAAAA==",  
  "_self": "dbs/1KtjAA==/colls/1KtjAImkcgw=/docs/1KtjAImkcgwBAAAAAAAAAA==/",  
  "_etag": "\"00003200-0000-0000-0000-56f9e84d0000\"",  
  "_ts": 1459218509,  
  "_attachments": "attachments/"  
}  
  
```  
  
## See Also  
 [DocumentDB documentation](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/documentdb/)   
 [Azure DocumentDB Reference Documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834805)   
 [DocumentDB SDKs](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-sdk-dotnet/)   
 [REST from .NET Sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/tree/master/samples/rest-from-.net)

Commit message:

CosmosDB: DocumentDB is an API of Cosmos DB and some edits

docs-ref-conceptual/documentdb/create-a-document.md, after:

---
title: "Create a Document"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-03-29"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "documentdb"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "reference"
ms.assetid: c341c439-b854-4a5d-8982-448ff5e22f22
caps.latest.revision: 9
author: "mimig1"
ms.author: "mimig"
manager: "jhubbard"
robots: noindex,nofollow
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Create Document
Azure Cosmos DB is a globally distributed multi-model database with support for multiple APIs. This article covers the DocumentDB API for Azure Cosmos DB. 

The `Create Document` operation creates a new document in a collection.  
  
## Request  
  
|Method|Request URI|Description|  
|------------|-----------------|-----------------|  
|POST|https://{databaseaccount}.documents.azure.com/dbs/{db-id}/colls/{coll-id}/docs|Note that the {databaseaccount} is the name of the DocumentDB account created under your subscription. The {db-id} value is the user generated name/id of the database, not the system generated id (rid). The {coll-id} value is the name of the collection that contains the document.|  
  
### Headers  
 See [Common DocumentDB REST request headers](common-documentdb-rest-request-headers.md) for headers that are used by all DocumentDB requests.  
  
|Header|Required|Type|Description|  
|------------|--------------|----------|-----------------|  
|**x-ms-documentdb-is-upsert**|Optional|Boolean|If set to true, DocumentDB will create the document with the id (and partition key value if applicable) if it doesn’t exist, or update the document if it exists.|  
|**x-ms-indexing-directive**|Optional|String|The acceptable value is **Include** or **Exclude**.<br /><br /> -   **Include** adds the document to the index.<br />-   **Exclude** omits the document from indexing.<br /><br /> The default for indexing behavior is determined by the automatic property’s value in the indexing policy for the collection.|  
  
### Body  
  
|Property|Required|Type|Description|  
|--------------|--------------|----------|-----------------|  
|**id**|Required|String|This is a user settable property. It is the unique name that identifies the document, i.e. no two documents should share the same **id**. The **id** must not exceed 255 characters.|  
|\<custom>|Required|JSON|Any user defined JSON. For document size limit, see [DocumentDB Limits](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-limits/).|  
  
```  
{  
  "id": "AndersenFamily",  
  "LastName": "Andersen",  
  "Parents": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Thomas"  
    },  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Mary Kay"  
    }  
  ],  
  "Children": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Henriette Thaulow",  
      "Gender": "female",  
      "Grade": 5,  
      "Pets": [  
        {  
          "GivenName": "Fluffy"  
        }  
      ]  
    }  
  ],  
  "Address": {  
    "State": "WA",  
    "County": "King",  
    "City": "Seattle"  
  },  
  "IsRegistered": true  
}  
  
```  
  
## Response  
 Returns the body of the created document.  
  
### Headers  
 See [Common DocumentDB REST response headers](common-documentdb-rest-response-headers.md) for headers that are returned by all DocumentDB responses.  
  
|Property|Type|Description|  
|--------------|----------|-----------------|  
|**x-ms-request-charge**|Number|The number of request units consumed by the operation.|  
|**x-ms-session-token**|String|A string token used with session level consistency. Clients must save this value and set it for subsequent read requests for session consistency.|  
  
### Status codes  
 The following table lists common status codes returned by this operation. For a full list of status codes, see [HTTP Status Codes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn783364.aspx).  
  
|HTTP status code|Description|  
|----------------------|-----------------|  
|201 Created|The operation was successful.|  
|400 Bad Request|The JSON body is invalid.|  
|403 Forbidden|The operation could not be completed because the storage limit of the partition has been reached.|  
|409 Conflict|The id provided for the new document has been taken by an existing document.|  
|413 Entity Too Large|The document size in the request exceeded the allowable document size. For more information about document size limits, see [DocumentDB Limits](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-limits/).|  
  
### Body  
  
|Property|Description|  
|--------------|-----------------|  
|**_rid**|This is a system generated property. The resource ID (**_rid**) is a unique identifier that is also hierarchical per the resource stack on the resource model. It is used internally for placement and navigation of the document resource.|  
|**_ts**|This is a [system generated property](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-resources/#system-vs-user-defined-resources). It specifies the last updated timestamp of the resource. The value is a timestamp.|  
|**_self**|This is a system generated property. It is the unique addressable URI for the resource.|  
|**_etag**|This is a system generated property that specifies the resource **etag** required for optimistic concurrency control.|  
|**_attachments**|This is a system generated property that specifies the addressable path for the attachments resource.|  
  
```  
{  
  "id": "AndersenFamily",  
  "LastName": "Andersen",  
  "Parents": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Thomas"  
    },  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Mary Kay"  
    }  
  ],  
  "Children": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Henriette Thaulow",  
      "Gender": "female",  
      "Grade": 5,  
      "Pets": [  
        {  
          "GivenName": "Fluffy"  
        }  
      ]  
    }  
  ],  
  "Address": {  
    "State": "WA",  
    "County": "King",  
    "City": "Seattle"  
  },  
  "IsRegistered": true,  
  "_rid": "1KtjAImkcgwBAAAAAAAAAA==",  
  "_self": "dbs/1KtjAA==/colls/1KtjAImkcgw=/docs/1KtjAImkcgwBAAAAAAAAAA==/",  
  "_etag": "\"00003200-0000-0000-0000-56f9e84d0000\"",  
  "_ts": 1459218509,  
  "_attachments": "attachments/"  
}  
  
```  
  
## Example  
  
```  
POST https://querydemo.documents.azure.com/dbs/1KtjAA==/colls/1KtjAImkcgw=/docs HTTP/1.1  
x-ms-documentdb-partitionkey: ["Andersen"]  
x-ms-date: Tue, 29 Mar 2016 02:28:29 GMT  
authorization: type%3dmaster%26ver%3d1.0%26sig%3d92WMAkQv0Zu35zpKZD%2bcGSH%2b2SXd8HGxHIvJgxhO6%2fs%3d  
Cache-Control: no-cache  
User-Agent: Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client/1.6.0.0  
x-ms-version: 2015-12-16  
Accept: application/json  
Host: querydemo.documents.azure.com  
Cookie: x-ms-session-token#0=602; x-ms-session-token=602  
Content-Length: 344  
Expect: 100-continue  
  
{  
  "id": "AndersenFamily",  
  "LastName": "Andersen",  
  "Parents": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Thomas"  
    },  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Mary Kay"  
    }  
  ],  
  "Children": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Henriette Thaulow",  
      "Gender": "female",  
      "Grade": 5,  
      "Pets": [  
        {  
          "GivenName": "Fluffy"  
        }  
      ]  
    }  
  ],  
  "Address": {  
    "State": "WA",  
    "County": "King",  
    "City": "Seattle"  
  },  
  "IsRegistered": true  
}  
  
```  
  
```  
HTTP/1.1 201 Created  
Cache-Control: no-store, no-cache  
Pragma: no-cache  
Transfer-Encoding: chunked  
Content-Type: application/json  
Server: Microsoft-HTTPAPI/2.0  
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=31536000  
x-ms-last-state-change-utc: Fri, 25 Mar 2016 22:39:02.501 GMT  
etag: "00003200-0000-0000-0000-56f9e84d0000"  
x-ms-resource-quota: documentSize=10240;documentsSize=10485760;collectionSize=10485760;  
x-ms-resource-usage: documentSize=0;documentsSize=1;collectionSize=1;  
x-ms-schemaversion: 1.1  
x-ms-alt-content-path: dbs/testdb/colls/testcoll  
x-ms-quorum-acked-lsn: 602  
x-ms-current-write-quorum: 3  
x-ms-current-replica-set-size: 4  
x-ms-request-charge: 12.38  
x-ms-serviceversion: version=1.6.52.5  
x-ms-activity-id: 856acd38-320d-47df-ab6f-9761bb987668  
x-ms-session-token: 0:603  
Set-Cookie: x-ms-session-token#0=603; Domain=querydemo.documents.azure.com; Path=/dbs/1KtjAA==/colls/1KtjAImkcgw=  
Set-Cookie: x-ms-session-token=603; Domain=querydemo.documents.azure.com; Path=/dbs/1KtjAA==/colls/1KtjAImkcgw=  
x-ms-gatewayversion: version=1.6.52.5  
Date: Tue, 29 Mar 2016 02:28:30 GMT  
  
{  
  "id": "AndersenFamily",  
  "LastName": "Andersen",  
  "Parents": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Thomas"  
    },  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Mary Kay"  
    }  
  ],  
  "Children": [  
    {  
      "FamilyName": null,  
      "FirstName": "Henriette Thaulow",  
      "Gender": "female",  
      "Grade": 5,  
      "Pets": [  
        {  
          "GivenName": "Fluffy"  
        }  
      ]  
    }  
  ],  
  "Address": {  
    "State": "WA",  
    "County": "King",  
    "City": "Seattle"  
  },  
  "IsRegistered": true,  
  "_rid": "1KtjAImkcgwBAAAAAAAAAA==",  
  "_self": "dbs/1KtjAA==/colls/1KtjAImkcgw=/docs/1KtjAImkcgwBAAAAAAAAAA==/",  
  "_etag": "\"00003200-0000-0000-0000-56f9e84d0000\"",  
  "_ts": 1459218509,  
  "_attachments": "attachments/"  
}  
  
```  
  
## See Also  
 [DocumentDB documentation](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/documentdb/)   
 [Azure DocumentDB Reference Documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834805)   
 [DocumentDB SDKs](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-sdk-dotnet/)   
 [REST from .NET Sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/tree/master/samples/rest-from-.net)
