docs-ref-conceptual/documentdb/databases.md, before:

---
title: "Databases"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-02-16"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "documentdb"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "reference"
ms.assetid: 575036a3-9192-4918-ab61-d0a7d8ede8ba
caps.latest.revision: 9
author: "mimig1"
ms.author: "mimig"
manager: "jhubbard"
robots: noindex,nofollow
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Databases
Azure Cosmos DB is a globally distributed multi-model database with support for multiple APIs. This article covers the DocumentDB API for Azure Cosmos DB. The DocumentDB REST API supports basic CRUD operations on the resources under a database account. This topic outlines the operations that can be executed on a database.  
  
Each DocumentDB account supports multiple independently named databases. A database is a logical namespace for collections, users, and permissions. The database resource is represented by **dbs** in the [DocumentDB resource model](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-resources/). Here’s an example of the URI: https://mydbaccount.documents.azure.com/dbs.
  
Here is a sample representation of a database in DocumentDB:  
  
```json
{  
  "id":"ContosoDB",  
  "_rid":"rnYYAA==",  
  "_ts":1408056022,  
  "_self":"dbs\/rnYYAA==\/",  
  "_etag":"00004800-0000-0000-0000-53ed3ad60000",  
  "_colls":"colls\/",  
  "_users":"users\/"
}  
  
```  
  
|Property|Description|  
|--------------|-----------------|  
|id|Required. This is the only [user settable property](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-resources/#system-vs-user-defined-resources). It is a unique name that identifies the database, i.e. no two databases will share the same name in an account. The name must not exceed 255 characters.|  
|_rid|This is a [system generated property](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-resources/#system-vs-user-defined-resources). The resource ID (**_rid**) is a system-generated identifier.|  
|_ts|This is a system generated property. It specifies the last updated timestamp of the resource. The value is a timestamp.|  
|_self|This is a system generated property. It is the unique addressable URI for the resource.|  
|_etag|This is a system generated property that specifies the resource etag required for optimistic concurrency control.|  
|_colls|This is a system generated property that specifies the addressable path of the **collections** resource.|  
|_users|This is a system generated property that specifies the addressable path of the **users** resource.|  
  
## Tasks  
 You can do the following with databases:  
  
* [Create a Database](create-a-database.md)  
* [List Databases](list-databases.md)  
* [Get a Database](get-a-database.md)  
* [Delete a Database](delete-a-database1.md)
* Query Databases  
  
## See Also  
 [DocumentDB documentation](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/documentdb/)   
 [Azure DocumentDB Reference Documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834805)   
 [DocumentDB SDKs](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-sdk-dotnet/)   
 [REST from .NET Sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/tree/master/samples/rest-from-.net)

Commit message:

renaming DocumentDB to Cosmos DB

docs-ref-conceptual/documentdb/databases.md, after:

---
title: "Databases"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-02-16"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "cosmosdb"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "reference"
ms.assetid: 575036a3-9192-4918-ab61-d0a7d8ede8ba
caps.latest.revision: 9
author: "mimig1"
ms.author: "mimig"
manager: "jhubbard"
robots: noindex,nofollow
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Databases
Azure Cosmos DB is a globally distributed multi-model database with support for multiple APIs. This article covers the DocumentDB API for Azure Cosmos DB. The DocumentDB REST API supports basic CRUD operations on the resources under a database account. This topic outlines the operations that can be executed on a database.  
  
Each Cosmos DB account supports multiple independently named databases. A database is a logical namespace for collections, users, and permissions. The database resource is represented by **dbs** in the [Cosmos DB resource model](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-resources/). Here’s an example of the URI: https://mydbaccount.documents.azure.com/dbs.
  
Here is a sample representation of a database in Cosmos DB:  
  
```json
{  
  "id":"ContosoDB",  
  "_rid":"rnYYAA==",  
  "_ts":1408056022,  
  "_self":"dbs\/rnYYAA==\/",  
  "_etag":"00004800-0000-0000-0000-53ed3ad60000",  
  "_colls":"colls\/",  
  "_users":"users\/"
}  
  
```  
  
|Property|Description|  
|--------------|-----------------|  
|id|Required. This is the only [user settable property](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-resources/#system-vs-user-defined-resources). It is a unique name that identifies the database, i.e. no two databases will share the same name in an account. The name must not exceed 255 characters.|  
|_rid|This is a [system generated property](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-resources/#system-vs-user-defined-resources). The resource ID (**_rid**) is a system-generated identifier.|  
|_ts|This is a system generated property. It specifies the last updated timestamp of the resource. The value is a timestamp.|  
|_self|This is a system generated property. It is the unique addressable URI for the resource.|  
|_etag|This is a system generated property that specifies the resource etag required for optimistic concurrency control.|  
|_colls|This is a system generated property that specifies the addressable path of the **collections** resource.|  
|_users|This is a system generated property that specifies the addressable path of the **users** resource.|  
  
## Tasks  
 You can do the following with databases:  
  
* [Create a Database](create-a-database.md)  
* [List Databases](list-databases.md)  
* [Get a Database](get-a-database.md)  
* [Delete a Database](delete-a-database1.md)
* Query Databases  
  
## See Also  
 [Azure Cosmos DB documentation](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/documentdb/)   
 [Azure DocumentDB Reference Documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834805)   
 [Azure Cosmos DB SDKs](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-sdk-dotnet/)   
 [REST from .NET Sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/tree/master/samples/rest-from-.net)
