docs-ref-conceptual/documentdb/user-defined-functions.md, before:

---
title: "User Defined Functions"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-02-12"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "documentdb"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "reference"
ms.assetid: dc8276d9-62e1-4ec5-a861-05f192c86ace
caps.latest.revision: 6
author: "mimig1"
ms.author: "mimig"
manager: "jhubbard"
robots: noindex,nofollow
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# User Defined Functions
  A user defined function (UDF) is a side effect free piece of application logic written in JavaScript. It allows developers to construct a query operator, thus extending the core of the DocumentDB query language. Like stored procedures, UDFs live in the confines of a collection, thus confining the application logic to the collection.  
  
 The user defined function resource is represented by udfs in the [DocumentDB resource model](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/documentdb-resources/). There is a quota limit on the number of UDFs created in a collection. For more information on the limits and quotas, see [DocumentDB limits](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/documentdb-limits/).  
  
 Similar to stored procedures, the UDFs resource has a fixed schema. The body property contains the application logic. The following example illustrates the JSON construct of a user defined function.  
  
```  
{  
"id":"simpleTaxUDF",  
"body": "  
function tax(income) {  
        if(income == undefined)   
            throw 'no input';  
        if (income < 1000)   
            return income * 0.1;  
        else if (income < 10000)   
            return income * 0.2;  
        else  
            return income * 0.4;  
    }  
",  
"_rid":"hLEEAI1YjgcBAAAAAAAAgA==",  
"_ts":1408058682,  
"_self":"dbs\/hLEEAA==\/colls\/hLEEAI1Yjgc=\/udfs\/hLEEAI1YjgcBAAAAAAAAgA==\/",  
"_etag":"00004100-0000-0000-0000-53ed453a0000"  
}  
  
```  
  
|Property|Description|  
|--------------|-----------------|  
|**id**|Required. This is a user settable property. It is a unique name to identify the UDF. The **id** must not exceed 255 characters.|  
|**body**|Required. This is a user settable property. This is the body of the UDF.|  
|**_rid**|This is a system generated property. The resource ID (**_rid**) is a unique identifier that is also hierarchical per the resource stack on the resource model. It is used internally for placement and navigation of the UDF resource.|  
|**_ts**|This is a system generated property. It specifies the last updated timestamp of the resource. The value is a timestamp.|  
|**_self**|This is a system generated property. It is the unique addressable URI for the resource.|  
|**_etag**|This is a system generated property that specifies the resource etag required for optimistic concurrency control.|  
  
## Tasks  
 You can do the following with user defined functions:  
  
-   [Create a User Defined Function](create-a-user-defined-function.md)  
  
-   [Replace a User Defined Function](replace-a-user-defined-function.md)  
  
-   [List User Defined Functions](list-user-defined-functions.md)  
  
-   [Delete a User Defined Function](delete-a-user-defined-function.md)  
  
 For information on how UDFs work, including executing an UDF in a query, see [DocumentDB programming: Stored procedures, triggers, and UDFs](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/documentdb-programming/).  
  
## See Also  
 [DocumentDB documentation](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/documentdb/)   
 [Azure DocumentDB Reference Documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834805)   
 [DocumentDB SDKs](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-sdk-dotnet/)   
 [REST from .NET Sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/tree/master/samples/rest-from-.net)

Commit message:

CosmosDB: DocumentDB is an API of Cosmos DB and some edits

docs-ref-conceptual/documentdb/user-defined-functions.md, after:

---
title: "User Defined Functions"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-02-12"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "documentdb"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "reference"
ms.assetid: dc8276d9-62e1-4ec5-a861-05f192c86ace
caps.latest.revision: 6
author: "mimig1"
ms.author: "mimig"
manager: "jhubbard"
robots: noindex,nofollow
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# User Defined Functions
Azure Cosmos DB is a globally distributed multi-model database with support for multiple APIs. This article covers the DocumentDB API for Azure Cosmos DB. 

A user defined function (UDF) is a side effect free piece of application logic written in JavaScript. It allows developers to construct a query operator, thus extending the core of the DocumentDB query language. Like stored procedures, UDFs live in the confines of a collection, thus confining the application logic to the collection.  
  
The user defined function resource is represented by udfs in the [DocumentDB resource model](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/documentdb-resources/). There is a quota limit on the number of UDFs created in a collection. For more information on the limits and quotas, see [DocumentDB limits](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/documentdb-limits/).  
  
Similar to stored procedures, the UDFs resource has a fixed schema. The body property contains the application logic. The following example illustrates the JSON construct of a user defined function.  
  
```  
{  
"id":"simpleTaxUDF",  
"body": "  
function tax(income) {  
        if(income == undefined)   
            throw 'no input';  
        if (income < 1000)   
            return income * 0.1;  
        else if (income < 10000)   
            return income * 0.2;  
        else  
            return income * 0.4;  
    }  
",  
"_rid":"hLEEAI1YjgcBAAAAAAAAgA==",  
"_ts":1408058682,  
"_self":"dbs\/hLEEAA==\/colls\/hLEEAI1Yjgc=\/udfs\/hLEEAI1YjgcBAAAAAAAAgA==\/",  
"_etag":"00004100-0000-0000-0000-53ed453a0000"  
}  
  
```  
  
|Property|Description|  
|--------------|-----------------|  
|**id**|Required. This is a user settable property. It is a unique name to identify the UDF. The **id** must not exceed 255 characters.|  
|**body**|Required. This is a user settable property. This is the body of the UDF.|  
|**_rid**|This is a system generated property. The resource ID (**_rid**) is a unique identifier that is also hierarchical per the resource stack on the resource model. It is used internally for placement and navigation of the UDF resource.|  
|**_ts**|This is a system generated property. It specifies the last updated timestamp of the resource. The value is a timestamp.|  
|**_self**|This is a system generated property. It is the unique addressable URI for the resource.|  
|**_etag**|This is a system generated property that specifies the resource etag required for optimistic concurrency control.|  
  
## Tasks  
You can do the following with user defined functions:  
  
-   [Create a User Defined Function](create-a-user-defined-function.md)  
  
-   [Replace a User Defined Function](replace-a-user-defined-function.md)  
  
-   [List User Defined Functions](list-user-defined-functions.md)  
  
-   [Delete a User Defined Function](delete-a-user-defined-function.md)  
  
For information on how UDFs work, including executing an UDF in a query, see [DocumentDB programming: Stored procedures, triggers, and UDFs](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/documentdb-programming/).  
  
## See Also  
* [Azure Cosmos DB](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cosmos-db/introduction) 
* [Azure Cosmos DB: DocumentDB API](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/documentdb/documentdb-introduction)   
* [Azure DocumentDB Reference Documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834805)   
* [DocumentDB SDKs](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/documentdb-sdk-dotnet/)   
* [REST from .NET Sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/tree/master/samples/rest-from-.net)
