docs-ref-conceptual/searchservice/get-synonym-map.md, before:

---
title: "Get Synonym Map (Azure Search Service REST API)"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2017-03-13"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "search"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "language-reference"
applies_to:
  - "Azure"
ms.assetid: abdb08c7-19fd-4b84-bf4b-1e4819136dc7
caps.latest.revision: 10
author: "mhko"
ms.author: "nateko"
manager: "jhubbard"
translation.priority.mt:
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Synonym Map (Azure Search Service REST API)
> [!NOTE]  
>  Synonyms is a preview feature, exempt from the service level agreement (SLA). Query requests that call preview APIs are not covered by the SLA and are not intended to be used in production code.

The **Get Synonym Map** operation gets the synonym map definition from Azure Search.  

```  
GET https://[service name].search.windows.net/synonymmaps/[synonymmap name]?api-version=[api-version]  
api-key: [admin key]  
```  

 The **api-version** is required. The current preview version is `2016-09-01-Preview`. See [API versions in Azure Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834796) for details.  

 The **api-key** must be an admin key (as opposed to a query key). Refer to the authentication section in [Azure Search Service REST](index.md) to learn more about keys. [Create an Azure Search service in the portal](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/search-create-service-portal/) explains how to get the service URL and key properties used in the request.  

## Response  
 Status Code: 200 OK is returned for a successful response.  

 The response is similar to examples in [Create Synonym Map &#40;Azure Search Service REST API&#41;](create-synonym-map.md).  

```  
{   
    "name" : "synonymmap1",  
    "format" : "solr",  
    "synonyms" : "United States, United States of America, USA\n
    Washington, Wash. => WA"
}  

```  

## See Also  
 [Azure Search Service REST](index.md)   
 [HTTP status codes &#40;Azure Search&#41;](http-status-codes.md)   
 [Synonym map operations &#40;Azure Search Service REST API&#41;](synonym-map-operations.md)   
 [Naming rules &#40;Azure Search&#41;](naming-rules.md)

Commit message:

Incorporate all suggestions. Fixed indentations. Added missing ##Request headers in some.

docs-ref-conceptual/searchservice/get-synonym-map.md, after:

---
title: "Get Synonym Map (Azure Search Service REST API)"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2017-03-13"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "search"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "language-reference"
applies_to:
  - "Azure"
ms.assetid: abdb08c7-19fd-4b84-bf4b-1e4819136dc7
caps.latest.revision: 10
author: "mhko"
ms.author: "nateko"
manager: "jhubbard"
translation.priority.mt:
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Synonym Map (Azure Search Service REST API)
> [!NOTE]  
> Synonyms is a preview feature and is not intended to be used in production code. Preview features are subject to change and are exempt from the service level agreement (SLA).

## Request
  The **Get Synonym Map** operation gets the synonym map definition from Azure Search.  

```  
GET https://[service name].search.windows.net/synonymmaps/[synonymmap name]?api-version=[api-version]  
api-key: [admin key]  
```  

 The **api-version** is required. The current preview version is `2016-09-01-Preview`. See [API versions in Azure Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834796) for details.  

### Request Headers
  The following list describes the required and optional request headers.  

 |Request Header|Description|  
 |--------------------|-----------------|  
 |*Content-Type:*|Required. Set this to `application/json`|  
 |*api-key:*|Required. The `api-key` is used to authenticate the request to your Search service. It is a string value, unique to your service. The **Get Synonym Map** request must include an `api-key` header set to your admin key (as opposed to a query key).|  

  You will also need the service name to construct the request URL. You can get both the service name and `api-key` from your service dashboard in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com). See [Create an Azure Search service in the portal](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/search-create-service-portal/) for page navigation help.  

## Response  
 Status Code: 200 OK is returned for a successful response.  

 The response is similar to examples in [Create Synonym Map &#40;Azure Search Service REST API&#41;](create-synonym-map.md).  

```  
{   
    "name" : "synonymmap1",  
    "format" : "solr",  
    "synonyms" : "United States, United States of America, USA\n
    Washington, Wash. => WA"
}  

```  

## See Also  
 [Azure Search Service REST](index.md)   
 [HTTP status codes &#40;Azure Search&#41;](http-status-codes.md)   
 [Synonym map operations &#40;Azure Search Service REST API&#41;](synonym-map-operations.md)   
 [Naming rules &#40;Azure Search&#41;](naming-rules.md)
