docs-ref-conceptual/searchservice/list-synonym-maps.md, before:

---
title: "List Synonym Maps (Azure Search Service REST API)"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2017-03-13"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "search"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "language-reference"
applies_to:
  - "Azure"
ms.assetid: 3f3a33a1-7179-42a0-b4a7-4a5f6e24fd31
caps.latest.revision: 10
author: "mhko"
ms.author: "nateko"
manager: "jhubbard"
translation.priority.mt:
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# List Synonym Maps (Azure Search Service REST API)
> [!NOTE]  
>  Synonyms is a preview feature, exempt from the service level agreement (SLA). Query requests that call preview APIs are not covered by the SLA and are not intended to be used in production code.

  The **List Synonym Maps** operation returns a list of the synonym maps in your Azure Search service.  

```  
GET https://[service name].search.windows.net/synonymmaps?api-version=[api-version]  
    api-key: [admin key]  
```  

 The `api-version` is required. The current preview version is `2016-09-01-Preview`. See [API versions in Azure Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834796) for details.  

 The `api-key` must be an admin key (as opposed to a query key). Refer to the authentication section in [Azure Search Service REST](index.md) to learn more about keys. [Create an Azure Search service in the portal](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/search-create-service-portal/) explains how to get the service URL and key properties used in the request.  

## Response  
 For a successful request: 200 OK. Here is an example response body:  

```  
    {  
      "value" : [  
        {  
          "name": "synonymmap1",  
          "format": "solr",  
          ... other synonym map properties  
        }]  
    }  
```  

 Note that you can filter the response down to just the properties you're interested in. For example, if you want only a list of synonym map names, use the OData **select** query option:  

```  
GET /synonymmaps?api-version=2016-09-01-Preview&$select=name  
```  

 In this case, the response from the above example would appear as follows:  

```  
    {  
      "value" : [ { "name": "synonymmap1" }, ... ]  
    }  
```  

## See Also  
 [Azure Search Service REST](index.md)   
 [HTTP status codes &#40;Azure Search&#41;](http-status-codes.md)   
 [Synonym map operations &#40;Azure Search Service REST API&#41;](synonym-map-operations.md)   
 [Naming rules &#40;Azure Search&#41;](naming-rules.md)   
 [OData Expression Syntax for Azure Search](odata-expression-syntax-for-azure-search.md)   
 [Support for OData &#40;Azure Search&#41;](support-for-odata.md)

Commit message:

Incorporate all suggestions. Fixed indentations. Added missing ##Request headers in some.

docs-ref-conceptual/searchservice/list-synonym-maps.md, after:

---
title: "List Synonym Maps (Azure Search Service REST API)"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2017-03-13"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "search"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "language-reference"
applies_to:
  - "Azure"
ms.assetid: 3f3a33a1-7179-42a0-b4a7-4a5f6e24fd31
caps.latest.revision: 10
author: "mhko"
ms.author: "nateko"
manager: "jhubbard"
translation.priority.mt:
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# List Synonym Maps (Azure Search Service REST API)
> [!NOTE]  
> Synonyms is a preview feature and is not intended to be used in production code. Preview features are subject to change and are exempt from the service level agreement (SLA).

## Request
  The **List Synonym Maps** operation returns a list of the synonym maps in your Azure Search service.  

```  
GET https://[service name].search.windows.net/synonymmaps?api-version=[api-version]  
api-key: [admin key]  
```  

 The `api-version` is required. The current preview version is `2016-09-01-Preview`. See [API versions in Azure Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834796) for details.  

### Request Headers
   The following list describes the required and optional request headers.  

  |Request Header|Description|  
  |--------------------|-----------------|  
  |*Content-Type:*|Required. Set this to `application/json`|  
  |*api-key:*|Required. The `api-key` is used to authenticate the request to your Search service. It is a string value, unique to your service. The **List Synonym Maps** request must include an `api-key` header set to your admin key (as opposed to a query key).|  

   You will also need the service name to construct the request URL. You can get both the service name and `api-key` from your service dashboard in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com). See [Create an Azure Search service in the portal](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/search-create-service-portal/) for page navigation help.  

## Response  
 For a successful request: 200 OK. Here is an example response body:  

```  
    {  
      "value" : [  
        {  
          "name": "synonymmap1",  
          "format": "solr",  
          ... other synonym map properties  
        }]  
    }  
```  

 Note that you can filter the response down to just the properties you're interested in. For example, if you want only a list of synonym map names, use the OData **select** query option:  

```  
GET https://[service name].search.windows.net/synonymmaps?api-version=[api-version]&$select=name
api-key: [admin key]  
```  

 In this case, the response from the above example would appear as follows:  

```  
    {  
      "value" : [ { "name": "synonymmap1" }, ... ]  
    }  
```  

## See Also  
 [Azure Search Service REST](index.md)   
 [HTTP status codes &#40;Azure Search&#41;](http-status-codes.md)   
 [Synonym map operations &#40;Azure Search Service REST API&#41;](synonym-map-operations.md)   
 [Naming rules &#40;Azure Search&#41;](naming-rules.md)   
 [OData Expression Syntax for Azure Search](odata-expression-syntax-for-azure-search.md)   
 [Support for OData &#40;Azure Search&#41;](support-for-odata.md)
