docs-ref-conceptual/searchservice/update-synonym-map.md, before:

---
title: "Update Synonym Map (Azure Search Service REST API)"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-11-09"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "search"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "language-reference"
applies_to:
  - "Azure"
ms.assetid: f756cd01-c266-4fd2-a7d0-ba05d49b439a
caps.latest.revision: 10
author: "mhko"
ms.author: "nateko"
manager: "jhubbard"
translation.priority.mt:
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Update synonym map (Azure Search Service REST API)
> [!NOTE]  
>  Synonyms is a preview feature, exempt from the service level agreement (SLA). Query requests that call preview APIs are not covered by the SLA and are not intended to be used in production code.

  You can update an existing synonym map using an HTTP PUT request. You specify the name of the synonym map to update on the request URI:  

```  
PUT https://[service name].search.windows.net/synonymmaps/[synonymmap name]?api-version=[api-version]  
    Content-Type: application/json  
    api-key: [admin key]  
```  

 The **api-version** is required. The current preview version is `2016-09-01-Preview`. See [API versions in Azure Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834796) for details.  

 The **api-key** must be an admin key (as opposed to a query key). Refer to the authentication section in [Azure Search Service REST](index.md) to learn more about keys. [Create an Azure Search service in the portal](http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/search-create-service-portal/) explains how to get the service URL and key properties used in the request.  

## Request  
 The request body syntax is the same as for [Create Synonym Map &#40;Azure Search Service REST API&#41;](create-synonym-map.md).  

## Response  
 For a successful request: 201 Created if a new synonym map was created, and 204 No Content if an existing synonym map was updated  

## See Also  
 [Azure Search Service REST](index.md)   
 [HTTP status codes &#40;Azure Search&#41;](http-status-codes.md)   
 [Synonym map operations &#40;Azure Search Service REST API&#41;](synonym-map-operations.md)   
 [Naming rules &#40;Azure Search&#41;](naming-rules.md)

Commit message:

Incorporate all suggestions. Fixed indentations. Added missing ##Request headers in some.

docs-ref-conceptual/searchservice/update-synonym-map.md, after:

---
title: "Update Synonym Map (Azure Search Service REST API)"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-11-09"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "search"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "language-reference"
applies_to:
  - "Azure"
ms.assetid: f756cd01-c266-4fd2-a7d0-ba05d49b439a
caps.latest.revision: 10
author: "mhko"
ms.author: "nateko"
manager: "jhubbard"
translation.priority.mt:
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Update synonym map (Azure Search Service REST API)
> [!NOTE]  
> Synonyms is a preview feature and is not intended to be used in production code. Preview features are subject to change and are exempt from the service level agreement (SLA).

## Request
  You can update an existing synonym map using an HTTP PUT request. You specify the name of the synonym map to update on the request URI:  

```  
PUT https://[service name].search.windows.net/synonymmaps/[synonymmap name]?api-version=[api-version]  
Content-Type: application/json  
api-key: [admin key]  
```  
 The **api-version** is required. The current preview version is `2016-09-01-Preview`. See [API versions in Azure Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=834796) for details.  

### Request Headers  
  The following table describes the required and optional request headers.  

 |Request Header|Description|  
 |--------------------|-----------------|  
 |*Content-Type:*|Required. Set this to `application/json`|  
 |*api-key:*|Required. The `api-key` is used to authenticate the request to your Search service. It is a string value, unique to your service. The **Update Synonym Map** request must include an `api-key` header set to your admin key (as opposed to a query key).|  

  You will also need the service name to construct the request URL. You can get the service name and `api-key` from your service dashboard in the Azure portal. See [Create an Azure Search service in the portal](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/search-create-service-portal/) for page navigation help.  

### Request Body
 The request body syntax is the same as for [Create Synonym Map &#40;Azure Search Service REST API&#41;](create-synonym-map.md).  

## Response  
 For a successful request, "201 Created" if a new synonym map was created, and "204 No Content" if an existing synonym map was updated  

 By default the response body will be empty. However, if the `Prefer` request header is set to `return=representation`, the response body will contain the JSON for the synonym map that was updated. In this case, the success status code will be "200 OK.  

## See Also  
 [Azure Search Service REST](index.md)   
 [HTTP status codes &#40;Azure Search&#41;](http-status-codes.md)   
 [Synonym map operations &#40;Azure Search Service REST API&#41;](synonym-map-operations.md)   
 [Naming rules &#40;Azure Search&#41;](naming-rules.md)
