docs-ref-conceptual/storageservices/Delete-Share.md, before:

---
title: "Delete Share"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-06-29
ms.prod: azure
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: storage
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: 2f4fcf8d-61dd-4ae6-920d-3aaa510857e2
caps.latest.revision: 5
author: tamram
manager: carolz
translation.priority.mt: 
  - de-de
  - es-es
  - fr-fr
  - it-it
  - ja-jp
  - ko-kr
  - pt-br
  - ru-ru
  - zh-cn
  - zh-tw
---
# Delete Share
The `Delete Share` operation marks the specified share for deletion. The share and any files contained within it are later deleted during garbage collection.  
  
## Request  
 The `Delete Share` request may be constructed as follows. HTTPS is recommended.  
  
|Method|Request URI|HTTP Version|  
|------------|-----------------|------------------|  
|`DELETE`|`https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare?restype=share`|HTTP/1.1|  
  
 Replace the path components shown in the request URI with your own, as follows:  
  
|Path Component|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|*myaccount*|The name of your storage account.|  
|*myshare*|The name of your file share.|  
  
 For details on path naming restrictions, see [Naming and Referencing Shares, Directories, Files, and Metadata](Naming-and-Referencing-Shares--Directories--Files--and-Metadata.md).  
  
## URI Parameters  
 The following additional parameters can be specified in the request URI.  
  
|Parameter|Description|  
|---------------|-----------------|  
|`timeout`|Optional. The timeout parameter is expressed in seconds.  For more information, see [Setting Timeouts for File Service Operations](Setting-Timeouts-for-File-Service-Operations.md).|  
  
## Request Headers  
 The following table describes required and optional request headers.  
  
|Request Header|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|`Authorization`|Required. Specifies the authentication scheme, account name, and signature. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`Date` or `x-ms-date`|Required. Specifies the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) for the request. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Required for all authenticated requests. Specifies the version of the operation to use for this request. For more information, see [Versioning for the Azure Storage Services](Versioning-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
  
## Request Body  
 None.  
  
## Sample Request  
  
```  
DELETE https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare?restype=share HTTP/1.1  
  
Request Headers:  
x-ms-version: 2014-02-14  
x-ms-date: Mon, 27 Jan 2014 22:50:32 GMT  
Authorization: SharedKey myaccount:Z5043vY9MesKNh0PNtksNc9nbXSSqGHueE00JdjidOQ= TBD  
```  
  
## Response  
 The response includes an HTTP status code and a set of response headers.  
  
## Status Code  
 A successful operation returns status code 202 (Accepted).  
  
 For information about status codes, see [Status and Error Codes](Status-and-Error-Codes2.md).  
  
## Response Headers  
 The response for this operation includes the following headers. The response may also include additional standard HTTP headers. All standard headers conform to the [HTTP/1.1 protocol specification](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=73147).  
  
|Response header|Description|  
|---------------------|-----------------|  
|`x-ms-request-id`|This header uniquely identifies the request that was made and can be used for troubleshooting the request. For more information, see [Troubleshooting API Operations](Troubleshooting-API-Operations.md).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Indicates the version of the File service used to execute the request.|  
|`Date`|A UTC date/time value generated by the service that indicates the time at which the response was initiated.|  
  
## Response Body  
 None.  
  
## Authorization  
 Only the account owner may call this operation.  
  
## Remarks  
 When a share is deleted, a share with the same name cannot be recreated for at least 30 seconds. While the share is being deleted, attempts to recreate a share of the same name will fail with status code 409 (Conflict), with the service returning additional error information indicating that the share is being deleted. All other operations, including operations on any files under the share, will fail with status code 404 (Not Found) while the share is being deleted.  
  
## See Also  
 [Operations on Shares (File Service)](Operations-on-Shares--File-Service-.md)

Commit message:

Share Snapshot Docs
This is the documentation for the Share Snapshot REST API.

* share snapshot doc - 1

left to do
*delete share/share snapshot
* add more examples

* udpadte ``

* update copyfile

* Change error code from bad request to invalidqueryparameter

* fix formatting and correct error code returned for file operation on share snapshot

left to do
* delete share /snapshot

* Add delete share/snapshot related documentation

* updateformatting for delete share

* update formatting for delete share

* updateformatting for copyfile

* CR feedback

* rename Snapshot-Share to snapshot-share

* add a link to .openpublishing.redirection.json

* CR comments

* CR comments

* CR comments

docs-ref-conceptual/storageservices/Delete-Share.md, after:

---
title: "Delete Share"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-06-29
ms.prod: azure
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: storage
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: 2f4fcf8d-61dd-4ae6-920d-3aaa510857e2
caps.latest.revision: 5
author: tamram
manager: carolz
translation.priority.mt: 
  - de-de
  - es-es
  - fr-fr
  - it-it
  - ja-jp
  - ko-kr
  - pt-br
  - ru-ru
  - zh-cn
  - zh-tw
---
# Delete Share
The `Delete Share` operation marks the specified share or share snapshot for deletion. The share or share snapshot and any files contained within it are later deleted during garbage collection.  
  
## Request  
 The `Delete Share` request may be constructed as follows. HTTPS is recommended.  
  
|Method|Request URI|HTTP Version|  
|------------|-----------------|------------------|  
|`DELETE`|`https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare?restype=share`|HTTP/1.1|  
|`DELETE`|`https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare?sharesnapshot=<DateTime>&restype=share`|HTTP/1.1|  
  
 Replace the path components shown in the request URI with your own, as follows:  
  
|Path Component|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|*myaccount*|The name of your storage account.|  
|*myshare*|The name of your file share.|  
  
 For details on path naming restrictions, see [Naming and Referencing Shares, Directories, Files, and Metadata](Naming-and-Referencing-Shares--Directories--Files--and-Metadata.md).  
  
## URI Parameters  
 The following additional parameters can be specified in the request URI.  
  
|Parameter|Description|  
|---------------|-----------------|  
|`sharesnapshot`|Optional. Version 2017-04-17 and newer. The sharesnapshot parameter is an opaque DateTime value that, when present, specifies the share snapshot to delete |
|`timeout`|Optional. The timeout parameter is expressed in seconds.  For more information, see [Setting Timeouts for File Service Operations](Setting-Timeouts-for-File-Service-Operations.md).|  
  
## Request Headers  
 The following table describes required and optional request headers.  
  
|Request Header|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|`Authorization`|Required. Specifies the authentication scheme, account name, and signature. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`Date` or `x-ms-date`|Required. Specifies the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) for the request. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Required for all authenticated requests. Specifies the version of the operation to use for this request. For more information, see [Versioning for the Azure Storage Services](Versioning-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`x-ms-delete-snapshots: {include}`| Optional if the share has associated snapshots. Specify the following option <br /> -   `include`: Delete the base share and all of its snapshots.|
  
## Request Body  
 None.  
  
## Sample Request  
  
```  
DELETE https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare?restype=share HTTP/1.1  
  
Request Headers:  
x-ms-version: 2014-02-14  
x-ms-date: Mon, 27 Jan 2014 22:50:32 GMT  
Authorization: SharedKey myaccount:Z5043vY9MesKNh0PNtksNc9nbXSSqGHueE00JdjidOQ= TBD  
```  
  
## Response  
 The response includes an HTTP status code and a set of response headers.  
  
## Status Code  
 A successful operation returns status code 202 (Accepted).  
  
 For information about status codes, see [Status and Error Codes](Status-and-Error-Codes2.md).  
  
## Response Headers  
 The response for this operation includes the following headers. The response may also include additional standard HTTP headers. All standard headers conform to the [HTTP/1.1 protocol specification](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=73147).  
  
|Response header|Description|  
|---------------------|-----------------|  
|`x-ms-request-id`|This header uniquely identifies the request that was made and can be used for troubleshooting the request. For more information, see [Troubleshooting API Operations](Troubleshooting-API-Operations.md).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Indicates the version of the File service used to execute the request.|  
|`Date`|A UTC date/time value generated by the service that indicates the time at which the response was initiated.|  
  
## Response Body  
 None.  
  
## Authorization  
 Only the account owner may call this operation.  
  
## Remarks  
 When a share is deleted, a share with the same name cannot be recreated for at least 30 seconds. While the share is being deleted, attempts to recreate a share of the same name will fail with status code 409 (Conflict), with the service returning additional error information indicating that the share is being deleted. All other operations, including operations on any files under the share, will fail with status code 404 (Not Found) while the share is being deleted.  

 Deleting a share that has snapshots is currently not allowed. The share snapshots can be individually deleted or can be deleted together with the share using the `x-ms-delete-snapshots=include` header as stated above.

 This header `x-ms-delete-snapshots` should be specified only for a request against the base share resource. If this header is specified on a request to delete an individual snapshot, the file service returns status code 400 (InvalidQueryParameterValue). If this header is not specified on the delete request and the share has associated snapshots, the file service returns status code 409 (ShareHasSnapshots).
  
## See Also  
 [Operations on Shares (File Service)](Operations-on-Shares--File-Service-.md)
