docs-ref-conceptual/storageservices/Get-File-Metadata.md, before:

---
title: "Get File Metadata"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-06-29
ms.prod: azure
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: storage
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: a9071701-497a-4c6c-ab51-44050664eed1
caps.latest.revision: 12
author: tamram
manager: carolz
translation.priority.mt: 
  - de-de
  - es-es
  - fr-fr
  - it-it
  - ja-jp
  - ko-kr
  - pt-br
  - ru-ru
  - zh-cn
  - zh-tw
---
# Get File Metadata
The `Get File Metadata` operation returns all user-defined metadata for the specified file.  
  
## Request  
 The `Get File Metadata` request is constructed as follows. HTTPS is recommended.  
  
|Method|Request URI|HTTP Version|  
|------------|-----------------|------------------|  
|`GET`|`https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare/mydirectorypath/myfile?comp=metadata`|HTTP/1.1|  
  
 Replace the path components shown in the request URI with your own, as follows:  
  
|Path Component|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|*myaccount*|The name of your storage account.|  
|*myshare*|The name of your file share.|  
|*mydirectorypath*|Optional. The path to the directory.|  
|*myfile*|The name of the file.|  
  
 For details on path naming restrictions, see [Naming and Referencing Shares, Directories, Files, and Metadata](Naming-and-Referencing-Shares--Directories--Files--and-Metadata.md).  
  
## URI Parameters  
 The following additional parameters can be specified in the request URI.  
  
|Parameter|Description|  
|---------------|-----------------|  
|`timeout`|Optional. The timeout parameter is expressed in seconds. For more information, see [Setting Timeouts for File Service Operations](Setting-Timeouts-for-File-Service-Operations.md).|  
  
## Request Headers  
 The following table describes required and optional request headers.  
  
|Request Header|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|`Authorization`|Required. Specifies the authentication scheme, account name, and signature. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`Date` or `x-ms-date`|Required. Specifies the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) for the request. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Required for all authenticated requests. Specifies the version of the operation to use for this request. For more information, see [Versioning for the Azure Storage Services](Versioning-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
  
## Request Body  
 None.  
  
## Response  
 The response includes an HTTP status code and a set of response headers.  
  
## Status Code  
 A successful operation returns status code 202 (Accepted).  
  
 For information about status codes, see [Status and Error Codes](Status-and-Error-Codes2.md).  
  
## Response Headers  
 The response for this operation includes the following headers. The response may also include additional standard HTTP headers. All standard headers conform to the [HTTP/1.1 protocol specification](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=73147).  
  
|Response header|Description|  
|---------------------|-----------------|  
|`Last-Modified`|Returns the date and time the file was last modified. The date format follows RFC 1123. For more information, see [Representation of Date-Time Values in Headers](Representation-of-Date-Time-Values-in-Headers.md). Any operation that modifies the file or its properties updates the last modified time.|  
|`x-ms-meta-name:value`|A set of name-value pairs that contain metadata for the file.|  
|`x-ms-type: <File>`|Returns `File` and is reserved for future use.|  
|`x-ms-request-id`|This header uniquely identifies the request that was made and can be used for troubleshooting the request. For more information, see [Troubleshooting API Operations](Troubleshooting-API-Operations.md).|  
|`ETag`|The ETag contains a value that you can use to perform operations conditionally, in quotes.|  
|`x-ms-version`|Indicates the version of the File service used to execute the request.|  
|`Date`|A UTC date/time value generated by the service that indicates the time at which the response was initiated.|  
  
## Response Body  
 None.  
  
## Sample Response  
  
```  
Response Status:  
HTTP/1.1 200 OK  
  
Response Headers:  
x-ms-type: File  
x-ms-meta-m1: v1  
x-ms-meta-m2: v2  
Date: <date>  
ETag: "0x8CB171DBEAD6A6B"  
Last-Modified: <date>  
x-ms-version: 2015-02-21  
Server: Windows-Azure-File/1.0 Microsoft-HTTPAPI/2.0  
```  
  
## Authorization  
 Only the account owner may call this operation.  
  
## See Also  
 [Operations on Files](Operations-on-Files.md)

Commit message:

Share Snapshot Docs
This is the documentation for the Share Snapshot REST API.

* share snapshot doc - 1

left to do
*delete share/share snapshot
* add more examples

* udpadte ``

* update copyfile

* Change error code from bad request to invalidqueryparameter

* fix formatting and correct error code returned for file operation on share snapshot

left to do
* delete share /snapshot

* Add delete share/snapshot related documentation

* updateformatting for delete share

* update formatting for delete share

* updateformatting for copyfile

* CR feedback

* rename Snapshot-Share to snapshot-share

* add a link to .openpublishing.redirection.json

* CR comments

* CR comments

* CR comments

docs-ref-conceptual/storageservices/Get-File-Metadata.md, after:

---
title: "Get File Metadata"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-06-29
ms.prod: azure
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: storage
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: a9071701-497a-4c6c-ab51-44050664eed1
caps.latest.revision: 12
author: tamram
manager: carolz
translation.priority.mt: 
  - de-de
  - es-es
  - fr-fr
  - it-it
  - ja-jp
  - ko-kr
  - pt-br
  - ru-ru
  - zh-cn
  - zh-tw
---
# Get File Metadata
The `Get File Metadata` operation returns all user-defined metadata for the specified file.  
  
## Request  
 The `Get File Metadata` request is constructed as follows. HTTPS is recommended.  
  
|Method|Request URI|HTTP Version|  
|------------|-----------------|------------------|  
|`GET`|`https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare/mydirectorypath/myfile?comp=metadata`|HTTP/1.1|  
|`GET`|`https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare/mydirectorypath/myfile?comp=metadata&sharesnapshot=<DateTime>`|HTTP/1.1|  
  
 Replace the path components shown in the request URI with your own, as follows:  
  
|Path Component|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|*myaccount*|The name of your storage account.|  
|*myshare*|The name of your file share.|  
|*mydirectorypath*|Optional. The path to the directory.|  
|*myfile*|The name of the file.|  
  
 For details on path naming restrictions, see [Naming and Referencing Shares, Directories, Files, and Metadata](Naming-and-Referencing-Shares--Directories--Files--and-Metadata.md).  
  
## URI Parameters  
 The following additional parameters can be specified in the request URI.  
  
|Parameter|Description|  
|---------------|-----------------|  
|`sharesnapshot`|Optional. Version 2017-04-17 and newer. The sharesnapshot parameter is an opaque DateTime value that, when present, specifies the share snapshot to query for the file metadata. |  
|`timeout`|Optional. The timeout parameter is expressed in seconds. For more information, see [Setting Timeouts for File Service Operations](Setting-Timeouts-for-File-Service-Operations.md).|  
  
## Request Headers  
 The following table describes required and optional request headers.  
  
|Request Header|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|`Authorization`|Required. Specifies the authentication scheme, account name, and signature. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`Date` or `x-ms-date`|Required. Specifies the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) for the request. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Required for all authenticated requests. Specifies the version of the operation to use for this request. For more information, see [Versioning for the Azure Storage Services](Versioning-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
  
## Request Body  
 None.  
  
## Response  
 The response includes an HTTP status code and a set of response headers.  
  
## Status Code  
 A successful operation returns status code 202 (Accepted).  
  
 For information about status codes, see [Status and Error Codes](Status-and-Error-Codes2.md).  
  
## Response Headers  
 The response for this operation includes the following headers. The response may also include additional standard HTTP headers. All standard headers conform to the [HTTP/1.1 protocol specification](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=73147).  
  
|Response header|Description|  
|---------------------|-----------------|  
|`Last-Modified`|Returns the date and time the file was last modified. The date format follows RFC 1123. For more information, see [Representation of Date-Time Values in Headers](Representation-of-Date-Time-Values-in-Headers.md). Any operation that modifies the file or its properties updates the last modified time.|  
|`x-ms-meta-name:value`|A set of name-value pairs that contain metadata for the file.|  
|`x-ms-type: <File>`|Returns `File` and is reserved for future use.|  
|`x-ms-request-id`|This header uniquely identifies the request that was made and can be used for troubleshooting the request. For more information, see [Troubleshooting API Operations](Troubleshooting-API-Operations.md).|  
|`ETag`|The ETag contains a value that you can use to perform operations conditionally, in quotes.|  
|`x-ms-version`|Indicates the version of the File service used to execute the request.|  
|`Date`|A UTC date/time value generated by the service that indicates the time at which the response was initiated.|  
  
## Response Body  
 None.  
  
## Sample Response  
  
```  
Response Status:  
HTTP/1.1 200 OK  
  
Response Headers:  
x-ms-type: File  
x-ms-meta-m1: v1  
x-ms-meta-m2: v2  
Date: <date>  
ETag: "0x8CB171DBEAD6A6B"  
Last-Modified: <date>  
x-ms-version: 2015-02-21  
Server: Windows-Azure-File/1.0 Microsoft-HTTPAPI/2.0  
```  
  
## Authorization  
 Only the account owner may call this operation.  
  
## See Also  
 [Operations on Files](Operations-on-Files.md)
