docs-ref-conceptual/storageservices/Get-Directory-Metadata.md, before:

---
title: "Get Directory Metadata"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-06-29
ms.prod: azure
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: storage
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: 933b4b8f-9f33-451d-a50f-1a8f8fe5da98
caps.latest.revision: 8
author: tamram
manager: carolz
translation.priority.mt: 
  - de-de
  - es-es
  - fr-fr
  - it-it
  - ja-jp
  - ko-kr
  - pt-br
  - ru-ru
  - zh-cn
  - zh-tw
---
# Get Directory Metadata
The **Get Directory Metadata** operation returns all user-defined metadata for the specified directory. This operation is supported in version 2015-02-21 and later.  
  
## Request  
  
|Method|Request URI|HTTP Version|  
|------------|-----------------|------------------|  
|GET/HEAD|`https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare/ myparentdirectorypath/mydirectory?restype=directory&comp=metadata`|HTTP/1.1|  
  
 Replace the path components shown in the request URI with your own, as follows:  
  
|Path Component|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|`myaccount`|The name of your storage account.|  
|`myshare`|The name of your file share.|  
|`myparentdirectorypath`|Optional. The path to the parent directory.|  
|`mydirectory`|The name of the directory.|  
  
 For details on path naming restrictions, see [Naming and Referencing Shares, Directories, Files, and Metadata](Naming-and-Referencing-Shares--Directories--Files--and-Metadata.md).  
  
### URI Parameters  
 The following additional parameters may be specified on the request URI.  
  
|Parameter|Description|  
|---------------|-----------------|  
|`timeout`|Optional. The timeout parameter is expressed in seconds. For more information, see [Setting Timeouts for File Service Operations](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dn578290.aspx).|  
  
### Request Headers  
 The following table describes required and optional request headers.  
  
|Request Header|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|`Authorization`|Required. Specifies the authentication scheme, account name, and signature. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd179428.aspx).|  
|`Date or x-ms-date`|Required. Specifies the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) for the request. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd179428.aspx).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Required for all authenticated requests. Specifies the version of the operation to use for this request. This operation is available only in versions 2015-02-21 and later.<br /><br /> For more information, see [Versioning for the Azure Storage Services](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd894041.aspx).|  
  
### Request Body  
 None.  
  
## Response  
 The response includes an HTTP status code and a set of response headers.  
  
### Status Code  
 A successful operation returns status code 202 (Accepted).  
  
 For information about status codes, see [Status and Error Codes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd179382.aspx).  
  
### Response Headers  
 The response for this operation includes the following headers. The response also includes additional standard HTTP headers. All standard headers conform to the [HTTP/1.1 protocol specification](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=150478).  
  
|Response header|Description|  
|---------------------|-----------------|  
|`ETag`|The ETag contains a value that you can use to perform operations conditionally, in quotes.|  
|`Last-Modified`|Returns the date and time the directory was last modified. The date format follows RFC 1123. For more information, see [Representation of Date/Time Values in Headers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd135714.aspx). Any operation that modifies the directory or its properties updates the last modified time. Operations on files do not affect the last modified time of the directory.|  
|`x-ms-meta-name:value`|A set of name-value pairs that contain metadata for the directory.|  
|`x-ms-request-id`|This header uniquely identifies the request that was made and can be used for troubleshooting the request. For more information, see [Troubleshooting API Operations](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd573365.aspx).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Indicates the version of the File service used to execute the request.|  
|`Date`|A UTC date/time value generated by the service that indicates the time at which the response was initiated.|  
  
### Response Body  
 None.  
  
### Sample Response  
  
```  
  
Response Status:  
HTTP/1.1 200 OK  
  
Response Headers:  
Transfer-Encoding: chunked  
x-ms-type: Directory  
x-ms-meta-m1: v1  
x-ms-meta-m2: v2  
Date: <date>  
ETag: "0x8CAFB82EFF70C46"  
Last-Modified: <date>  
x-ms-version: 2015-02-21  
Server: Windows-Azure-File/1.0 Microsoft-HTTPAPI/2.0  
```  
  
## Authorization  
 Only the account owner may call this operation.

Commit message:

Share Snapshot Docs
This is the documentation for the Share Snapshot REST API.

* share snapshot doc - 1

left to do
*delete share/share snapshot
* add more examples

* udpadte ``

* update copyfile

* Change error code from bad request to invalidqueryparameter

* fix formatting and correct error code returned for file operation on share snapshot

left to do
* delete share /snapshot

* Add delete share/snapshot related documentation

* updateformatting for delete share

* update formatting for delete share

* updateformatting for copyfile

* CR feedback

* rename Snapshot-Share to snapshot-share

* add a link to .openpublishing.redirection.json

* CR comments

* CR comments

* CR comments

docs-ref-conceptual/storageservices/Get-Directory-Metadata.md, after:

---
title: "Get Directory Metadata"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-06-29
ms.prod: azure
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: storage
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: 933b4b8f-9f33-451d-a50f-1a8f8fe5da98
caps.latest.revision: 8
author: tamram
manager: carolz
translation.priority.mt: 
  - de-de
  - es-es
  - fr-fr
  - it-it
  - ja-jp
  - ko-kr
  - pt-br
  - ru-ru
  - zh-cn
  - zh-tw
---
# Get Directory Metadata
The **Get Directory Metadata** operation returns all user-defined metadata for the specified directory. This operation is supported in version 2015-02-21 and later.  
  
## Request  
  
|Method|Request URI|HTTP Version|  
|------------|-----------------|------------------|  
|GET/HEAD|`https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare/ myparentdirectorypath/mydirectory?restype=directory&comp=metadata`|HTTP/1.1|  
|GET/HEAD|`https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare/ myparentdirectorypath/mydirectory?restype=directory&comp=metadata&sharesnapshot=<DateTime>`|HTTP/1.1|  
 Replace the path components shown in the request URI with your own, as follows:  
  
|Path Component|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|`myaccount`|The name of your storage account.|  
|`myshare`|The name of your file share.|  
|`myparentdirectorypath`|Optional. The path to the parent directory.|  
|`mydirectory`|The name of the directory.|  
  
 For details on path naming restrictions, see [Naming and Referencing Shares, Directories, Files, and Metadata](Naming-and-Referencing-Shares--Directories--Files--and-Metadata.md).  
  
### URI Parameters  
 The following additional parameters may be specified on the request URI.  
  
|Parameter|Description|  
|---------------|-----------------|  
|`sharesnapshot`|Optional. Version 2017-04-17 and newer. The sharesnapshot parameter is an opaque DateTime value that, when present, specifies the share snapshot to query for the directory metadata. |
|`timeout`|Optional. The timeout parameter is expressed in seconds. For more information, see [Setting Timeouts for File Service Operations](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dn578290.aspx).|  
  
### Request Headers  
 The following table describes required and optional request headers.  
  
|Request Header|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|`Authorization`|Required. Specifies the authentication scheme, account name, and signature. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd179428.aspx).|  
|`Date or x-ms-date`|Required. Specifies the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) for the request. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd179428.aspx).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Required for all authenticated requests. Specifies the version of the operation to use for this request. This operation is available only in versions 2015-02-21 and later.<br /><br /> For more information, see [Versioning for the Azure Storage Services](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd894041.aspx).|  
  
### Request Body  
 None.  
  
## Response  
 The response includes an HTTP status code and a set of response headers.  
  
### Status Code  
 A successful operation returns status code 202 (Accepted).  
  
 For information about status codes, see [Status and Error Codes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd179382.aspx).  
  
### Response Headers  
 The response for this operation includes the following headers. The response also includes additional standard HTTP headers. All standard headers conform to the [HTTP/1.1 protocol specification](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=150478).  
  
|Response header|Description|  
|---------------------|-----------------|  
|`ETag`|The ETag contains a value that you can use to perform operations conditionally, in quotes.|  
|`Last-Modified`|Returns the date and time the directory was last modified. The date format follows RFC 1123. For more information, see [Representation of Date/Time Values in Headers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd135714.aspx). Any operation that modifies the directory or its properties updates the last modified time. Operations on files do not affect the last modified time of the directory.|  
|`x-ms-meta-name:value`|A set of name-value pairs that contain metadata for the directory.|  
|`x-ms-request-id`|This header uniquely identifies the request that was made and can be used for troubleshooting the request. For more information, see [Troubleshooting API Operations](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd573365.aspx).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Indicates the version of the File service used to execute the request.|  
|`Date`|A UTC date/time value generated by the service that indicates the time at which the response was initiated.|  
  
### Response Body  
 None.  
  
### Sample Response  
  
```  
  
Response Status:  
HTTP/1.1 200 OK  
  
Response Headers:  
Transfer-Encoding: chunked  
x-ms-type: Directory  
x-ms-meta-m1: v1  
x-ms-meta-m2: v2  
Date: <date>  
ETag: "0x8CAFB82EFF70C46"  
Last-Modified: <date>  
x-ms-version: 2015-02-21  
Server: Windows-Azure-File/1.0 Microsoft-HTTPAPI/2.0  
```  
  
## Authorization  
 Only the account owner may call this operation.
