docs-ref-conceptual/storageservices/Set-Share-Properties.md, before:

---
title: "Set Share Properties"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-06-29
ms.prod: azure
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: storage
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: 72e9912a-2a06-4bfd-80df-c2ad67060bb4
caps.latest.revision: 4
author: tamram
manager: carolz
translation.priority.mt: 
  - de-de
  - es-es
  - fr-fr
  - it-it
  - ja-jp
  - ko-kr
  - pt-br
  - ru-ru
  - zh-cn
  - zh-tw
---
# Set Share Properties
The `Set Share Properties` operation sets service-defined properties for the specified share.  
  
## Request  
 The `Set Share Properties` request may be constructed as follows. HTTPS is recommended.  
  
|Method|Request URI|HTTP Version|  
|------------|-----------------|------------------|  
|`PUT`|`https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare?restype=share&comp=properties`|HTTP/1.1|  
  
 Replace the path components shown in the request URI with your own, as follows:  
  
|Path Component|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|*myaccount*|The name of your storage account.|  
|*myshare*|The name of your file share.|  
  
 For details on path naming restrictions, see [Naming and Referencing Shares, Directories, Files, and Metadata](Naming-and-Referencing-Shares--Directories--Files--and-Metadata.md).  
  
## URI Parameters  
 The following additional parameters can be specified in the request URI.  
  
|Parameter|Description|  
|---------------|-----------------|  
|`timeout`|Optional. The timeout parameter is expressed in seconds. For more information, see [Setting Timeouts for File Service Operations](Setting-Timeouts-for-File-Service-Operations.md).|  
  
## Request Headers  
 The following table describes required and optional request headers.  
  
|Request Header|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|`Authorization`|Required. Specifies the authentication scheme, account name, and signature. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`Date` or `x-ms-date`|Required. Specifies the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) for the request. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Required for all authenticated requests. Specifies the version of the operation to use for this request.<br /><br /> For more information, see [Versioning for the Azure Storage Services](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd894041.aspx).|  
|`x-ms-share-quota`|Optional. Supported in version 2015-02-21 and above. Specifies the maximum size of the share, in gigabytes. Must be greater than 0, and less than or equal to 5 TB (5120 GB).|  
  
## Request Body  
 None.  
  
## Sample Request  
  
```  
PUT https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare?restype=share&comp=properties  
  
Request Headers:  
x-ms-version: 2015-02-21  
x-ms-date: <date>  
Authorization: SharedKey myaccount: Z5043vY9MesKNh0PNtksNc9nbXSSqGHueE00Jdjid0Q=  
x-ms-share-quota: 55  
  
```  
  
## Response  
 The response includes an HTTP status code and a set of response headers.  
  
## Status Code  
 A successful operation returns status code 200 (OK).  
  
 For information about status codes, see [Status and Error Codes](Status-and-Error-Codes2.md).  
  
## Response Headers  
 The response for this operation includes the following headers. The response may also include additional standard HTTP headers. All standard headers conform to the [HTTP/1.1 protocol specification](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=73147).  
  
|Response header|Description|  
|---------------------|-----------------|  
|`Last-Modified`|Returns the date and time the share was last modified. The date format follows RFC 1123. For more information, see [Representation of Date-Time Values in Headers](Representation-of-Date-Time-Values-in-Headers.md). Any operation that modifies the share or its properties updates the last modified time. Operations on files do not affect the last modified time of the share.|  
|`ETag`|The ETag contains a value which represents the version of the share, as a quoted string.|  
|`x-ms-request-id`|This header uniquely identifies the request that was made and can be used for troubleshooting the request. For more information, see [Troubleshooting API Operations](Troubleshooting-API-Operations.md).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Indicates the version of the File service used to execute the request.|  
|`Date`|A UTC date/time value generated by the service that indicates the time at which the response was initiated.|  
  
## Response Body  
 None.  
  
## Authorization  
 Only the account owner may call this operation.  
  
## Remarks  
 For more information on setting the share quota, see [Create Share](Create-Share.md).  
  
 If you set share quota to be smaller than the size of the data on the share, the operation will succeed. However, you will not be able to add more data to the share until the amount of the data on the share is reduced below the quota. You can reduce the amount of data by either deleting or compressing files.  
  
## See Also  
 [Operations on Shares (File Service)](Operations-on-Shares--File-Service-.md)

Commit message:

Share Snapshot Docs
This is the documentation for the Share Snapshot REST API.

* share snapshot doc - 1

left to do
*delete share/share snapshot
* add more examples

* udpadte ``

* update copyfile

* Change error code from bad request to invalidqueryparameter

* fix formatting and correct error code returned for file operation on share snapshot

left to do
* delete share /snapshot

* Add delete share/snapshot related documentation

* updateformatting for delete share

* update formatting for delete share

* updateformatting for copyfile

* CR feedback

* rename Snapshot-Share to snapshot-share

* add a link to .openpublishing.redirection.json

* CR comments

* CR comments

* CR comments

docs-ref-conceptual/storageservices/Set-Share-Properties.md, after:

---
title: "Set Share Properties"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-06-29
ms.prod: azure
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: storage
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: 72e9912a-2a06-4bfd-80df-c2ad67060bb4
caps.latest.revision: 4
author: tamram
manager: carolz
translation.priority.mt: 
  - de-de
  - es-es
  - fr-fr
  - it-it
  - ja-jp
  - ko-kr
  - pt-br
  - ru-ru
  - zh-cn
  - zh-tw
---
# Set Share Properties
The `Set Share Properties` operation sets service-defined properties for the specified share.  
  
## Request  
 The `Set Share Properties` request may be constructed as follows. HTTPS is recommended.  
  
|Method|Request URI|HTTP Version|  
|------------|-----------------|------------------|  
|`PUT`|`https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare?restype=share&comp=properties`|HTTP/1.1|  
  
 Replace the path components shown in the request URI with your own, as follows:  
  
|Path Component|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|*myaccount*|The name of your storage account.|  
|*myshare*|The name of your file share.|  
  
 For details on path naming restrictions, see [Naming and Referencing Shares, Directories, Files, and Metadata](Naming-and-Referencing-Shares--Directories--Files--and-Metadata.md).  
  
## URI Parameters  
 The following additional parameters can be specified in the request URI.  
  
|Parameter|Description|  
|---------------|-----------------|  
|`timeout`|Optional. The timeout parameter is expressed in seconds. For more information, see [Setting Timeouts for File Service Operations](Setting-Timeouts-for-File-Service-Operations.md).|  
  
## Request Headers  
 The following table describes required and optional request headers.  
  
|Request Header|Description|  
|--------------------|-----------------|  
|`Authorization`|Required. Specifies the authentication scheme, account name, and signature. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`Date` or `x-ms-date`|Required. Specifies the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) for the request. For more information, see [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Required for all authenticated requests. Specifies the version of the operation to use for this request.<br /><br /> For more information, see [Versioning for the Azure Storage Services](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dd894041.aspx).|  
|`x-ms-share-quota`|Optional. Supported in version 2015-02-21 and above. Specifies the maximum size of the share, in gigabytes. Must be greater than 0, and less than or equal to 5 TB (5120 GB).|  
  
## Request Body  
 None.  
  
## Sample Request  
  
```  
PUT https://myaccount.file.core.windows.net/myshare?restype=share&comp=properties  
  
Request Headers:  
x-ms-version: 2015-02-21  
x-ms-date: <date>  
Authorization: SharedKey myaccount: Z5043vY9MesKNh0PNtksNc9nbXSSqGHueE00Jdjid0Q=  
x-ms-share-quota: 55  
  
```  
  
## Response  
 The response includes an HTTP status code and a set of response headers.  
  
## Status Code  
 A successful operation returns status code 200 (OK).  
  
 For information about status codes, see [Status and Error Codes](Status-and-Error-Codes2.md).  
  
## Response Headers  
 The response for this operation includes the following headers. The response may also include additional standard HTTP headers. All standard headers conform to the [HTTP/1.1 protocol specification](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=73147).  
  
|Response header|Description|  
|---------------------|-----------------|  
|`Last-Modified`|Returns the date and time the share was last modified. The date format follows RFC 1123. For more information, see [Representation of Date-Time Values in Headers](Representation-of-Date-Time-Values-in-Headers.md). Any operation that modifies the share or its properties updates the last modified time. Operations on files do not affect the last modified time of the share.|  
|`ETag`|The ETag contains a value which represents the version of the share, as a quoted string.|  
|`x-ms-request-id`|This header uniquely identifies the request that was made and can be used for troubleshooting the request. For more information, see [Troubleshooting API Operations](Troubleshooting-API-Operations.md).|  
|`x-ms-version`|Indicates the version of the File service used to execute the request.|  
|`Date`|A UTC date/time value generated by the service that indicates the time at which the response was initiated.|  
  
## Response Body  
 None.  
  
## Authorization  
 Only the account owner may call this operation.  
  
## Remarks  
 For more information on setting the share quota, see [Create Share](Create-Share.md).  
  
 If you set share quota to be smaller than the size of the data on the share, the operation will succeed. However, you will not be able to add more data to the share until the amount of the data on the share is reduced below the quota. You can reduce the amount of data by either deleting or compressing files.  
  
 `Set Share Properties` is not supported for a share snapshot. An attempt to perform this operation on a share snapshot will fail with 400 (InvalidQueryParameterValue).

## See Also  
 [Operations on Shares (File Service)](Operations-on-Shares--File-Service-.md)
