---
title: Version 2015-02-21 (REST API) - Azure Storage
description: Changes introduced with Azure Storage version 2015-02-21.
author: pemari-msft

ms.date: 09/20/2019
ms.service: storage
ms.topic: reference
ms.author: pemari
---

# Version 2015-02-21

Version 2015-02-21 included these changes:  
  
-   A new blob type, the *append blob*, is now available. All writes to an append blob are added sequentially to the end of the blob, making it optimal for logging scenarios.  
  
     Append blobs support an [Append Block](Append-Block.md) operation for adding blocks to the blob. Once a block is added with `Append Block`, it is immediately available to be read; no further commits are necessary. The block cannot be modified once it has been added.  
  
-   A number of new features are available for the Azure File service, including:  
  
    -   New operations on the File service, including [Get File Service Properties](Get-File-Service-Properties.md), [Set File Service Properties](Set-File-Service-Properties.md), and [Preflight File Request](Preflight-File-Request.md). The `Preflight File Request` operation enables CORS support for Azure files.  
  
    -   A maximum size limit for a share, which can be specified when the share is created via [Create Share](Create-Share.md), or which can be added or modified after the share has been created, via [Set Share Properties](Set-Share-Properties.md).  
  
    -   Usage data for a file share, via the [Get Share Stats](Get-Share-Stats.md) operation.  
  
    -   Support for shared access signatures for shares and files.  
  
    -   New [Get Share ACL](Get-Share-ACL.md) and [Set Share ACL](Set-Share-ACL.md) operations, for managing shared access policies on a share.  
  
    -   New [Get Directory Metadata](Get-Directory-Metadata.md) and [Set Directory Metadata](Set-Directory-Metadata.md) operations.  
  
    -   New [Copy File](Copy-File.md) and [Abort Copy File](Abort-Copy-File.md) operations.  
  
-   When constructing the string-to-sign for a shared access signature for the Blob, Table, Queue, and File services, you must include the service name in the canonicalized resource portion of the string. See [Create a service SAS](create-service-sas.md) for more information.  
  
-   When constructing the string-to-sign, omit the value of the `Content-Length` header from the string-to-sign when that value is zero. See [Authorize requests to Azure Storage](authorize-requests-to-azure-storage.md) for more information.
