---
title: Version 2019-02-02 (REST API) - Azure Storage
description: Changes introduced with Azure Storage version 2019-02-02.
author: pemari-msft

ms.date: 02/12/2020
ms.service: storage
ms.topic: reference
ms.author: pemari
---

# Version 2019-02-02

The 2019-02-02 service version includes the following features.

- A new API [Blob Batch](blob-batch.md) allows multiple requests to be sent within a single request body. 
- Data transfer APIs accept CRC64 as a transactional data integrity mechanism as an alternative to MD5. Note that this calculation requires a specific polynomial. 
- Responses for all Blob, Table, and Queue APIs return the `x-ms-client-request-id` that was passed in on the request for better debuggability.
- Data can be encrypted using a `Customer-Provided Key`.
- The [Copy Blob](Copy-Blob.md), [Put Block List](Put-Block-List.md), and [Put Blob](Put-Blob.md) APIs support the `x-ms-access-tier` header for Block Blobs, to set the tier on the result without needing a second API call.
- The [Copy Blob](Copy-Blob.md) and [Set Blob Tier](set-blob-tier.md) APIs support the `x-ms-rehydrate-priority` header to allow for faster retrieval of archived blobs.
- A new API [Create Permission](create-permission.md) allows for the creation of a security descriptor at the File Share level. This descriptor can be used for files and directories in the share. 
- A new API [Get Permission](get-permission.md) allows for the retrieval of the security descriptor set on a share. 
- A new API [Lease File](lease-file.md) allows for an exclusive write lock lease on a file to be acquired, changed, released, or broken. 
- Certain Azure Files APIs ([Set Directory Properties](set-directory-properties.md), [Set File Properties](Set-File-Properties.md), [Create File](Create-File.md), and [Create Directory](Create-Directory.md)) require a new set of headers. These headers are `x-ms-file-permission`, `x-ms-file-permission-key`, `x-ms-file-attributes`, `x-ms-file-creation-time` and `x-ms-file-last-write-time`. These headers are also returned on the corresponding Get APIs.