---
title: "Version 2018-11-09"
description: Azure Storage services updates in version 2018-11-09.
author: pemari-msft

ms.author: pemari
ms.date: 08/06/2019
ms.service: storage
ms.topic: reference
---

# Version 2018-11-09

The 2018-11-09 service version includes the following features.

- The [Get Share Stats](Get-Share-Stats.md) api now returns the approximate size in bytes, instead of gigabytes.
- A new API [Put Page From URL](Put-Page-From-Url.md) allows pages in a page blob to be written using a range of another blob as a source. This permits synchronous server-side copies to be orchestrated for page blobs of any size.
- A new API [Append Block From URL](Append-Block-From-Url.md) allows blocks in an append block to be committed using a range of another blob as a source. This permits synchronous server-side copies to be orchestrated for append blobs of any size.
- A new API [Copy Blob From URL](Copy-Blob-From-Url.md) allows block blob a to be copied synchronously using a URL as a source. This API has a maximum size of 256 MB and preserves metadata and block list.
- Shared Access Signatures can now be scoped to an individual blob snapshot resource. See [Create a service SAS](create-service-sas.md) for more information.
- Shared Access Signature string-to-sign construction has changed for all SAS tokens being created with a service version of 2018-11-09.
- You can now sign a shared access signature with Azure AD credentials. This new type of SAS is called a *user delegation* SAS. To create the SAS, you must call the new [Get User Delegation Key](Get-User-Delegation-Key.md) operation to return the user delegation key, then use that key to construct the SAS. For more information, see [Create a user delegation SAS (preview)](create-user-delegation-sas.md).
- A new API [List-Handles](List-Handles.md) allows for the listing of open handles of a file or directory.
- A new API [Force-Close-Handles](Force-Close-Handles.md) allows for the forcible closing of open handles of a file or directory.
