---
title: "Version 2017-04-17"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-05-31
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.assetid: 2947b4c3-3f8d-4579-aba4-237575b89d3f
caps.latest.revision: 1
---
# Version 2017-04-17  

- A new [Set Blob Tier](set-blob-tier.md) API is now available. 
    -   Use this API to explicitly set a premium page blob (or disk) to a tier without having to resize. The blob will be provisioned and billed at the new tier. This is also the only way to use the tiers `P4` and `P6`. See [High-performance Premium Storage and managed disks for VMs](/azure/storage/storage-premium-storage#features) for more information on premium tiers. 
    -   This API can also be used on block blobs in Blob Storage or General Purpose v2 (GPv2) accounts. The available tiers for block blobs are `Hot`, `Cool`, and `Archive`. For detailed information about block blob tiering see [Hot, cool and archive storage tiers](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/storage-blob-storage-tiers).
- The [Create File](Create-File.md), [Create Directory](Create-Directory.md), [Put Range](Put-Range.md), [Set Directory Metadata](Set-Directory-Metadata.md), [Set File Metadata](Set-File-Metadata.md), and [Set File Properties](Set-File-Properties.md) operations now return the x-ms-request-server-encrypted response header. This header is set to true if the contents of the request have been successfully encrypted.
- The [Get File](Get-File.md), [Get File Properties](Get-File-Properties.md), and [Get Directory Properties](Get-Directory-Properties.md) operations now return the x-ms-server-encrypted response header. This header is set to true if the file data and application metadata are completely encrypted. If the file is not encrypted, or if only parts of the file/application metadata are encrypted, this header is set to false.
- The storage analytics logs corresponding to requests using version 2017-04-17 or later have a [more detailed `<request-status>`](Storage-Analytics-Log-Format.md) instead of `ClientOtherError`. The new codes are the same as the [error codes](Common-REST-API-Error-Codes.md) returned by the service.
- Using `If-Match: *` to access an uncommitted blob will now fail.
- If a request is throttled due to reaching the account-level Ingress, Egress, or IOPS limits, a new [user message](Common-REST-API-Error-Codes.md) is returned.
- The [List Blobs](List-Blobs.md) API now returns the continuation token in the `Marker` XML element. Previously this was a blob name.
