---
title: "Version 2016-05-31"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-05-31
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.assetid: 2947b4c3-3f8d-4579-aba4-237575b89d3f
caps.latest.revision: 1
---
# Version 2016-05-31  

- The maximum size of blocks has been increased to 100 MB. This means that the maximum size of a block blob is now 5,000,000 MB, or about 4.75 TB.
- The public access level of a container is now returned from the [List Containers](List-Containers2.md) and [Get Container Properties](Get-Container-Properties.md) APIs. Previously this information could only be obtained by calling [Get Container ACL](Get-Container-ACL.md).
- The [Put Message](Put-Message.md) API now returns information about the message that was just added, including the pop receipt. This enables the you to call [Update Message](Update-Message.md) and [Delete Message](Delete-Message2.md) on the newly enqueued message.
- The [List Directories and Files](List-Directories-and-Files.md) API now accepts a new parameter that limits the listing to a specified prefix.
- Several error messages have been clarified or made more specific.
- All table APIs now accept and enforce the timeout query parameter.
- The stored `Content-MD5` property is now returned when requesting a range of a blob or file. Previously this was only returned for full blob and file downloads.
- A new [Incremental Copy Blob](Incremental-Copy-Blob.md) API is now available. This allows efficient copying and backup of page blob snapshots.
- Using `If-None-Match: *` will now fail when reading a blob. Previously this header was ignored for blob reads.
- During authentication, the canonicalized header list now includes headers with empty values. Previously these were omitted from the list.
