---
title: Version 2015-04-05 - Azure Storage
description: Updates to the Azure Storage services for version 2015-04-05.
author: pemari-msft

ms.date: 08/07/2019
ms.author: pemari
ms.reviewer: cbrooks
ms.service: storage
ms.topic: reference
---

# Version 2015-04-05

Version 2015-04-05 includes these changes:  
  
-   The Azure File service is now generally available. The File service now supports SMB 3.0 as well as SMB 2.1. All new and existing storage accounts include a File service endpoint.  
  
     For an overview of using the File service with Windows, see [How to use Azure File storage with Windows](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/storage-dotnet-how-to-use-files/). For an overview of using the File service with Linux, see [How to use Azure File storage with Linux](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/storage-how-to-use-files-linux/).  
  
-   The Azure File service now supports Storage Analytics metrics. You can configure metrics for the File service from the Azure portal, from PowerShell, from the storage client library for .NET or for Java, or from the REST API. Use the [Set File Service Properties](Set-File-Service-Properties.md) operation to configure metrics for the File service. Use [Get File Service Properties](Get-File-Service-Properties.md) to retrieve metrics settings. For information about File service metrics, see [Storage Analytics](Storage-Analytics.md).  
  
-   Account SAS is a new type of shared access signature at the level of the storage account. An account SAS enables you to:  
  
    -   Delegate access to service-level operations that are not currently available with a service-specific SAS, such as the `Get/Set Service Properties` and `Get Service Stats` operations.  
  
    -   Delegate access to more than one service in a storage account at a time. For example, you can delegate access to resources in both the Blob and File services with an account SAS.  
  
    -   Delegate access to write and delete operations for containers, queues, tables, and file shares, which are not available with an object-specific SAS.  
  
    -   Specify an IP address or range of IP addresses from which to accept requests.  
  
    -   Specify the HTTP protocol from which to accept requests (either HTTPS or HTTP/HTTPS).  
  
     For details about account SAS, see [Create an account SAS](create-an-account-sas.md).  
  
-   Both account SAS and service SAS include two new optional fields on the SAS token:  
  
    -   The signed IP (`sip`) field specifies an IP address or range of IP addresses from which to accept requests.  
  
    -   The signed protocol (`spr`) field specifies the HTTP protocol from which to accept requests (either HTTPS or HTTP/HTTPS).  
  
     When constructing the string-to-sign for an account SAS or a service SAS in version 2015-04-05, you must include the signed IP and signed protocol in the signature string. See [Create an account SAS](create-an-account-sas.md) and [Create a service SAS](create-a-service-sas.md) for more information.  
  
-   The [Copy Blob](Copy-Blob.md), [Abort Copy Blob](Abort-Copy-Blob.md), [Copy File](Copy-File.md), and [Abort Copy File](Abort-Copy-File.md) operations now support using a SAS for the destination blob if it is in the same storage account or a different storage account.
