docs-ref-conceptual/media/index.md, before:

---
ms.assetid: 381a2cde-b6d2-4482-8de9-4b6740ac3805
ms.title: Azure Media Services API Management and Operations
ms.service: media
author: Juliako	
ms.author: juliako	
ms.manager: erikre
---



# Azure Media Services API Management

Azure Media Services (AMS) has 2 REST APIs. One for creating/managing Media Service accounts (the Azure Resource) and one for performing different operations on Media Service objects that are part of an AMS account (assets, jobs, streaming endpoints, and other Media Services objects).
 

## Media Services Management REST

Azure Media Services (AMS) resources may be created and managed programmatically using APIs provided by the AMS Resource Provider. The APIs are available through the Azure Resource Manager (ARM) REST API endpoints.

For more information, see [Media Services management REST API reference](../../docs-ref-autogen/media/MediaService.json).

| Operation Group | Description |
|-----------------|-------------|
|Check the name availability|Checks whether the Media Service resource name is available. The name must be globally unique. |
|Create a Media Service|Creates a Media Service account and returns the new account.|
|Update a Media Service|Updates a Media Service account. |
|Get information about a Media Service|Returns the details about the Media Services account.
|List all Media Services in a resource group|Lists all of the Media Services accounts in a resource group.
|Delete a Media Service|Deletes a Media Service account.|
|Check name availability|Checks whether the Media Service resource name is available. The name must be globally unique.|
|List REST endpoint keys|Lists the keys for a Media Service account.|
|Regenerate a REST endpoint key|Regenerates the specified (primary or secondary) key for a Media Service account.|
|Sync storage account keys|Synchronizes storage account keys for a storage account associated with the Media Service account.|

## Media Services Operations REST

This REST API is used for creating jobs, assets, access policies, and other operations on objects in a Media Service account.
For more information, see [Media Services Operations REST API reference](operations/azure-media-services-rest-api-reference.md).

## See Also

[Media Services management REST API reference](../../docs-ref-autogen/media/MediaService.json)

Commit message:

Enable new mapping format, add service_description and docs-ref-index

docs-ref-conceptual/media/index.md, after:

---
ms.assetid: 381a2cde-b6d2-4482-8de9-4b6740ac3805
ms.title: Azure Media Services API Management and Operations
ms.service: media
author: Juliako
ms.author: juliako
ms.manager: erikre
service_description: To be added
---



# Azure Media Services API Management

Azure Media Services (AMS) has 2 REST APIs. One for creating/managing Media Service accounts (the Azure Resource) and one for performing different operations on Media Service objects that are part of an AMS account (assets, jobs, streaming endpoints, and other Media Services objects).
 

## Media Services Management REST

Azure Media Services (AMS) resources may be created and managed programmatically using APIs provided by the AMS Resource Provider. The APIs are available through the Azure Resource Manager (ARM) REST API endpoints.

For more information, see [Media Services management REST API reference](../../docs-ref-autogen/media/MediaService.json).

| Operation Group | Description |
|-----------------|-------------|
|Check the name availability|Checks whether the Media Service resource name is available. The name must be globally unique. |
|Create a Media Service|Creates a Media Service account and returns the new account.|
|Update a Media Service|Updates a Media Service account. |
|Get information about a Media Service|Returns the details about the Media Services account.
|List all Media Services in a resource group|Lists all of the Media Services accounts in a resource group.
|Delete a Media Service|Deletes a Media Service account.|
|Check name availability|Checks whether the Media Service resource name is available. The name must be globally unique.|
|List REST endpoint keys|Lists the keys for a Media Service account.|
|Regenerate a REST endpoint key|Regenerates the specified (primary or secondary) key for a Media Service account.|
|Sync storage account keys|Synchronizes storage account keys for a storage account associated with the Media Service account.|

## Media Services Operations REST

This REST API is used for creating jobs, assets, access policies, and other operations on objects in a Media Service account.
For more information, see [Media Services Operations REST API reference](operations/azure-media-services-rest-api-reference.md).

## See Also

[Media Services management REST API reference](../../docs-ref-autogen/media/MediaService.json)
