docs-ref-conceptual/trafficmanager/create-or-update-a-traffic-manager-profile.md, before:

---
title: "Create or update a Traffic Manager profile"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-02-01"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "traffic-manager"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "reference"
ms.assetid: 3d8c811d-9cca-4f60-b6e1-2ff5c6754fab
caps.latest.revision: 12
ms.author: "cherylmc"
manager: "carolz"
---
# Create or update a Traffic Manager profile
Create or update a Traffic Manager profile within a resource group.  

## Request  
 See [Traffic Manager profiles and endpoints](traffic-manager-profiles-and-endpoints.md) for headers and parameters that are used by all requests related to Traffic Manager profiles and endpoints.  

|Method|Request URI|  
|------------|-----------------|  
|PUT|`/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name}/providers/Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/{profile-name}?api-version={api-version}`|  

 Replace {profile-name} with the name of the Traffic Manager profile to be created.  The profile name must be unique within the resource group.  

```json  
{  
  "location": "global",  
  "tags": {},  
  "properties": {  
    "profileStatus": "Enabled",  
    "trafficRoutingMethod": "Performance",  
    "dnsConfig": {  
      "relativeName": "myapp",  
      "ttl": 30  
    },  
    "monitorConfig": {  
      "protocol": "http",  
      "port": 80,  
      "path": "/monitorpage.aspx"  
    },  
    "endpoints": [  
      {  
        "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
        "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/azureEndpoints",  
        "properties": {  
          "targetResourceId": "{resource ID of target resource in Azure}",  
          "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
          "weight": 10,  
          "priority": 3  
        }  
      },  
      {  
        "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
        "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/externalEndpoints",  
        "properties": {  
          "target": "myendpoint.contoso.com",  
          "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
          "weight": 10,  
          "priority": 5,  
          "endpointLocation": "northeurope"  
        }  
      },  
      {  
        "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
        "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/nestedEndpoints",  
        "properties": {  
          "targetResourceId": "{resource ID of child Traffic Manager profile}",  
          "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
          "weight": 10,  
          "priority": 1,  
          "endpointLocation": "westeurope",  
          "minChildEndpoints": 1,
          "geoMapping": [
                "GEO-EU",
                "GEO-AF"
            ]  
        }  
      }  
    ]  
  }  
}  

```  

|Element name|Required|Type|Description|  
|------------------|--------------|----------|-----------------|  
|profileStatus|No|String|Specifies whether the profile should be enabled or disabled<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Enabled<br />-   Disabled<br /><br /> This parameter is optional, default value ‘Enabled’.|  
|trafficRoutingMethod|Yes|String|Specifies the traffic routing method, used to determine which endpoint is returned in response to incoming DNS queries.<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Performance<br />-   Weighted<br />-   Priority<br />-   Geographic|  
|dnsConfig|Yes|Complex|Container for DNS settings for this Traffic Manager profile.|  
|relativeName|Yes|String|Specifies the relative DNS name provided by this Traffic Manager profile.  This value is combined with the DNS domain name used by Azure Traffic Manager to form the fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) of the profile. This value cannot be modified once set.|  
|||||  
|ttl|Yes|Positive Integer|Specifies the DNS Time-to-Live (TTL), in seconds.  This informs the Local DNS resolvers and DNS clients how long to cache DNS responses provided by this Traffic Manager profile.Possible values are 30…999,999.|  
|monitorConfig|Yes|Complex|Container for endpoint monitoring settings for this Traffic Manager profile.|  
|protocol|Yes|String|Specifies the protocol to use to monitor endpoint health.<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   HTTP<br />-   HTTPS|  
|port|Yes|Positive Integer|Specifies the TCP port used to monitor endpoint health.Possible values are 1…65535|  
|path|Yes|String|Specifies the path relative to the endpoint domain name used to probe for endpoint health.|  
|endpoints|Yes|Array|Specifies an array of Traffic Manager endpoints|  
|name|Yes|String|Specifies the name (ARM resource name) of the endpoint|  
|type|Yes|String|Specifies the type of the endpoint. Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfies/azureEndpoints<br />-   Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfies/externalEndpoints<br />-   Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfies/nestedEndpoints|  
|properties|Yes|String|Container for settings relating to this Traffic Manager endpoint.|  
|target|No|String|The fully-qualified DNS name of the endpoint.  Traffic Manager returns this value in DNS responses to direct traffic to this endpoint.  For example, 'www.contoso.com'.<br /><br /> This parameter must be specified for the ExternalEndpoints endpoint type. For other endpoint types, specify the TargetResourceId parameter instead.|  
|targetResourceId|No|String|For endpoints of type ‘AzureEndpoints’, this specifies resource ID of the resource in Azure that this endpoint will direct traffic to.<br /><br /> For endpoints of type ‘NestedEndpoints’, this specifies the resource ID of the child profile that this endpoint will direct traffic to.<br /><br /> This parameter is not applicable to endpoints of type ‘ExternalEndpoints’.  The ‘target’ parameter should be specified instead.|  
|endpointStatus|No|String|Specifies the status of the endpoint. If the endpoint is Enabled, it is probed for endpoint health and is included in the traffic routing method.<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Enabled<br />-   Disabled<br /><br /> This parameter is optional, default value ‘Enabled’.|  
|weight|No|Positive Integer|Specifies the weight assigned by Traffic Manager to the endpoint.  This is only used if the Traffic Manager profile is configured to use the 'weighted' traffic routing method.Possible values are from 1 to 1000.  This parameter is optional, if omitted a default weight of ‘1’ is used.|  
|priority|No|Positive Integer|Specifies the priority of this endpoint when using the ‘priority’ traffic routing method.<br /><br /> Priority must lie in the range 1…1000.  Lower values represent higher priority.  No two endpoints can share the same priority value.<br /><br /> This is an optional parameter.  If omitted, Traffic Manager assigns endpoints with default priority values 1, 2, 3 etc in the order the endpoints are provided.|  
|endpointLocation|No|String|Specifies the location of the endpoint.  This value is used in the ‘Performance’ traffic-routing method when determining which endpoint is closest to the end user.<br /><br /> This property can only be specified on endpoints of type ‘ExternalEndpoints’ or ‘NestedEndpoints’.  For endpoints of type ‘AzureEndpoints’, the location is taken from the Azure resource specified in the targetResourceId.<br /><br /> This parameter is mandatory ExternalEndpoints and NestedEndpoints whenever the ‘Performance’ traffic-routing method is used.<br /><br /> For more information and possible values, see [List all of the available geo-locations](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dn790540.aspx)|  
|minChildEndpoints|No|Positive Integer|This parameter specifies the minimum number of endpoints that must be ‘online’ in the child profile in order for the parent profile to direct traffic to any of the endpoints in that child profile. It only applies to endpoints of type NestedEndpoints.  It is optional, with default ‘1’.|  
|geoMapping|No|String Array|This parameter specifies the geographic regions that are mapped to this endpoint. <br /><br /> It is only used if the endpoint is part of a profile that has routing type Geographic (for which it is required). If used, it cannot be an empty list|

## Response  
 **Status code:** *200 or 201 depending on whether the resource is updated or created.*  

```json  
{   
   "location": "global",  
   "tags": { },  
   "id":"/subscriptions/{subsctiption-id}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name}/Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/{profile-name}",  
   "name": "{profile-name}",  
   "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles",  
   "properties": {   
      "profileStatus": "Enabled",  
      "trafficRoutingMethod": "Performance",  
      "dnsConfig": {   
         "relativeName": "myapp",  
         "fqdn": "myapp.trafficmanager.net",  
         "ttl":30  
      },  
      "monitorConfig": {   
         "profileMonitorStatus": "Online",  
         "protocol": "http",  
         "port": 80,  
         "path": "/monitorpage.aspx"  
      },  
      "endpoints": [   
         {  
            "id": "{ARM resource ID of this endpoint}",  
            "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
            "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/azureEndpoints",  
            "properties": {  
               "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
               "endpointMonitorStatus": "Online"  
               "targetResourceId": "{resource ID of target resource in Azure}",  
               "target": "myapp.azurewebsites.net",  
               "weight": 10,  
               "priority": 3,  
               "endpointLocation": "centralus"  
            }  
         },  
         {   
            "id": "{ARM resource ID of this endpoint}",  
            "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
            "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/externalEndpoints",  
            "properties": {   
               "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
               "endpointMonitorStatus": "Online"  
               "target": "myendpoint.contoso.com",  
               "weight": 10,  
               "priority": 5,  
               "endpointLocation": "northeurope",  
            }  
         },  
         {  
            "id": "{ARM resource ID of this endpoint}",  
            "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
            "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/nestedEndpoints",  
            "properties": {  
               "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
               "endpointMonitorStatus": "Online",  
               "targetResourceId": "{resource ID of child Traffic Manager profile}",  
               "weight": 10,  
               "priority": 1,  
               "endpointLocation": "westeurope",  
               "minChildEndpoints": 1,  
               "geoMapping": [
                "GEO-EU",
                "GEO-AF"
                ]
             }  
         }  
      ]  
   }  
}  

```  

|Element name|Description|  
|------------------|-----------------|  
|profileStatus|Specifies whether the profile should be enabled or disabled.<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Enabled<br />-   Disabled|  
|trafficRoutingMethod|Specifies the traffic routing method, used to determine which endpoint is returned in response to incoming DNS queries.|  
|dnsConfig|Container for DNS settings for this Traffic Manager profile.|  
|relativeName|Specifies the relative DNS name provided by this Traffic Manager profile.|  
|fqdn|The fully-qualified domain name of the Traffic Manager profile. This is a read-only property, formed from the concatenation of the relativeName with the DNS domain used by Azure Traffic Manager.|  
|ttl|Specifies the DNS Time-to-Live (TTL), in seconds.|  
|monitorConfig|Container for endpoint monitoring settings for this Traffic Manager profile.|  
|profileMonitorStatus|Indicates the overall health status for the Traffic Manager profile.<br /><br /> This is a read-only property.  Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Online<br />-   Degraded<br />-   Inactive<br />-   Disabled<br />-   CheckingEndpoints<br /><br /> See [About Traffic Manager Monitoring for further details.](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/traffic-manager-monitoring/)|  
|protocol|Specifies the protocol to use to monitor endpoint health.|  
|port|Specifies the TCP port used to monitor endpoint health.|  
|path|Specifies the path relative to the endpoint domain name used to probe for endpoint health.|  
|endpoints|Specifies an array of Traffic Manager endpoints.|  
|id (within ‘endpoints’ list)|Specifies the ARM resource ID of the endpoint.  Each endpoint is a child resource of the parent profile resource, hence each endpoint has a unique ARM resource ID.|  
|name|Specifies the name (ARM resource name) of the endpoint.|  
|type|Specifies the type of the endpoint.|  
|properties|Container for settings relating to this Traffic Manager endpoint.|  
|target|The fully-qualified DNS name of the endpoint.<br /><br /> Traffic Manager returns this value in DNS responses when it directs traffic to this endpoint.<br /><br /> Applicable to endpoints of type ‘AzureEndpoints’ and ‘ExternalEndpoints’ only.|  
|targetResourceId|For endpoints of type ‘AzureEndpoints’, this specifies resource ID of the resource in Azure that this endpoint will direct traffic to.<br /><br /> For endpoints of type ‘NestedEndpoints’, this specifies the resource ID of the child profile that this endpoint will direct traffic to.<br /><br /> This parameter is not applicable to endpoints of type ‘ExternalEndpoints’.|  
|endpointStatus|Specifies the status of the endpoint. If the endpoint is Enabled, it is probed for endpoint health and is included in the traffic routing method.<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Enabled<br />-   Disabled|  
|weight|Specifies the weight assigned by Traffic Manager to the endpoint.|  
|priority|Specifies the priority of this endpoint when using the ‘Priority’ traffic routing method.|  
|endpointLocation|Specifies the location of the endpoint.  This value is used in the ‘Performance’ traffic-routing method when determining which endpoint is closest to the end user.|  
|endpointMonitorStatus|Indicates the health status for the endpoint.<br /><br /> This is a read-only property.  Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Online<br />-   Degraded<br />-   Inactive<br />-   Disabled<br />-   Stopped<br />-   CheckingEndpoint<br /><br /> See [About Traffic Manager Monitoring for further details.](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/traffic-manager-monitoring/)|  
|minChildEndpoints|This parameter specifies the minimum number of endpoints that must be ‘online’ in the child profile in order for the parent profile to direct traffic to any of the endpoints in that child profile. It only applies to endpoints of type NestedEndpoints.|
|geoMapping|This parameter specifies the geographic regions that are mapped to this endpoint. <br /><br /> It is only used if the endpoint is part of a profile that has routing type Geographic (for which it is required).|

Commit message:

updates to traffic manager api to support restructure of network content for rest

docs-ref-conceptual/trafficmanager/create-or-update-a-traffic-manager-profile.md, after:

---
title: Create or update a Traffic Manager profile
ms.date: 03/23/2017
ms.service: traffic-manager
ms.devlang: rest-api
ms.topic: reference
author: georgewallace
ms.author: gwallace
manager: timlt
---
# Create or update a Traffic Manager profile
Create or update a Traffic Manager profile within a resource group.  

For information about getting started with Azure REST operations including request authentication, see [Azure REST API Reference](../../index.md).

## Request  

|Method|Request URI|  
|------------|-----------------|  
|PUT|`/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/{profileName}?api-version={api-version}`|  

| Parameter | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| subscriptionId | The identifier of your subscription where the Traffic Manager endpoint exists. |
| resourceGroupName | The name of the resource group that contains the Traffic Manager endpoint. |
| profileName | The name of the Traffic Manager profile.|
| api-version | The version of the API to use. The current version is 2017-03-01. | 

 Replace {profile-name} with the name of the Traffic Manager profile to be created.  The profile name must be unique within the resource group.  

```json  
{  
  "location": "global",  
  "tags": {},  
  "properties": {  
    "profileStatus": "Enabled",  
    "trafficRoutingMethod": "Performance",  
    "dnsConfig": {  
      "relativeName": "myapp",  
      "ttl": 30  
    },  
    "monitorConfig": {  
      "protocol": "http",  
      "port": 80,  
      "path": "/monitorpage.aspx"  
    },  
    "endpoints": [  
      {  
        "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
        "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/azureEndpoints",  
        "properties": {  
          "targetResourceId": "{resource ID of target resource in Azure}",  
          "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
          "weight": 10,  
          "priority": 3  
        }  
      },  
      {  
        "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
        "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/externalEndpoints",  
        "properties": {  
          "target": "myendpoint.contoso.com",  
          "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
          "weight": 10,  
          "priority": 5,  
          "endpointLocation": "northeurope"  
        }  
      },  
      {  
        "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
        "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/nestedEndpoints",  
        "properties": {  
          "targetResourceId": "{resource ID of child Traffic Manager profile}",  
          "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
          "weight": 10,  
          "priority": 1,  
          "endpointLocation": "westeurope",  
          "minChildEndpoints": 1,
          "geoMapping": [
                "GEO-EU",
                "GEO-AF"
            ]  
        }  
      }  
    ]  
  }  
}  

```  

|Element name|Required|Type|Description|  
|------------------|--------------|----------|-----------------|  
|profileStatus|No|String|Specifies whether the profile should be enabled or disabled<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Enabled<br />-   Disabled<br /><br /> This parameter is optional, default value ‘Enabled’.|  
|trafficRoutingMethod|Yes|String|Specifies the traffic routing method, used to determine which endpoint is returned in response to incoming DNS queries.<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Performance<br />-   Weighted<br />-   Priority<br />-   Geographic|  
|dnsConfig|Yes|Complex|Container for DNS settings for this Traffic Manager profile.|  
|relativeName|Yes|String|Specifies the relative DNS name provided by this Traffic Manager profile.  This value is combined with the DNS domain name used by Azure Traffic Manager to form the fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) of the profile. This value cannot be modified once set.|  
|||||  
|ttl|Yes|Positive Integer|Specifies the DNS Time-to-Live (TTL), in seconds.  This informs the Local DNS resolvers and DNS clients how long to cache DNS responses provided by this Traffic Manager profile.Possible values are 30…999,999.|  
|monitorConfig|Yes|Complex|Container for endpoint monitoring settings for this Traffic Manager profile.|  
|protocol|Yes|String|Specifies the protocol to use to monitor endpoint health.<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   HTTP<br />-   HTTPS|  
|port|Yes|Positive Integer|Specifies the TCP port used to monitor endpoint health.Possible values are 1…65535|  
|path|Yes|String|Specifies the path relative to the endpoint domain name used to probe for endpoint health.|  
|endpoints|Yes|Array|Specifies an array of Traffic Manager endpoints|  
|name|Yes|String|Specifies the name (ARM resource name) of the endpoint|  
|type|Yes|String|Specifies the type of the endpoint. Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfies/azureEndpoints<br />-   Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfies/externalEndpoints<br />-   Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfies/nestedEndpoints|  
|properties|Yes|String|Container for settings relating to this Traffic Manager endpoint.|  
|target|No|String|The fully-qualified DNS name of the endpoint.  Traffic Manager returns this value in DNS responses to direct traffic to this endpoint.  For example, 'www.contoso.com'.<br /><br /> This parameter must be specified for the ExternalEndpoints endpoint type. For other endpoint types, specify the TargetResourceId parameter instead.|  
|targetResourceId|No|String|For endpoints of type ‘AzureEndpoints’, this specifies resource ID of the resource in Azure that this endpoint will direct traffic to.<br /><br /> For endpoints of type ‘NestedEndpoints’, this specifies the resource ID of the child profile that this endpoint will direct traffic to.<br /><br /> This parameter is not applicable to endpoints of type ‘ExternalEndpoints’.  The ‘target’ parameter should be specified instead.|  
|endpointStatus|No|String|Specifies the status of the endpoint. If the endpoint is Enabled, it is probed for endpoint health and is included in the traffic routing method.<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Enabled<br />-   Disabled<br /><br /> This parameter is optional, default value ‘Enabled’.|  
|weight|No|Positive Integer|Specifies the weight assigned by Traffic Manager to the endpoint.  This is only used if the Traffic Manager profile is configured to use the 'weighted' traffic routing method.Possible values are from 1 to 1000.  This parameter is optional, if omitted a default weight of ‘1’ is used.|  
|priority|No|Positive Integer|Specifies the priority of this endpoint when using the ‘priority’ traffic routing method.<br /><br /> Priority must lie in the range 1…1000.  Lower values represent higher priority.  No two endpoints can share the same priority value.<br /><br /> This is an optional parameter.  If omitted, Traffic Manager assigns endpoints with default priority values 1, 2, 3 etc in the order the endpoints are provided.|  
|endpointLocation|No|String|Specifies the location of the endpoint.  This value is used in the ‘Performance’ traffic-routing method when determining which endpoint is closest to the end user.<br /><br /> This property can only be specified on endpoints of type ‘ExternalEndpoints’ or ‘NestedEndpoints’.  For endpoints of type ‘AzureEndpoints’, the location is taken from the Azure resource specified in the targetResourceId.<br /><br /> This parameter is mandatory ExternalEndpoints and NestedEndpoints whenever the ‘Performance’ traffic-routing method is used.<br /><br /> For more information and possible values, see [List all of the available geo-locations](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dn790540.aspx)|  
|minChildEndpoints|No|Positive Integer|This parameter specifies the minimum number of endpoints that must be ‘online’ in the child profile in order for the parent profile to direct traffic to any of the endpoints in that child profile. It only applies to endpoints of type NestedEndpoints.  It is optional, with default ‘1’.|  
|geoMapping|No|String Array|This parameter specifies the geographic regions that are mapped to this endpoint. <br /><br /> It is only used if the endpoint is part of a profile that has routing type Geographic (for which it is required). If used, it cannot be an empty list|

## Response  
 **Status code:** *200 or 201 depending on whether the resource is updated or created.*  

```json  
{   
   "location": "global",  
   "tags": { },  
   "id":"/subscriptions/{subsctiption-id}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name}/Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/{profile-name}",  
   "name": "{profile-name}",  
   "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles",  
   "properties": {   
      "profileStatus": "Enabled",  
      "trafficRoutingMethod": "Performance",  
      "dnsConfig": {   
         "relativeName": "myapp",  
         "fqdn": "myapp.trafficmanager.net",  
         "ttl":30  
      },  
      "monitorConfig": {   
         "profileMonitorStatus": "Online",  
         "protocol": "http",  
         "port": 80,  
         "path": "/monitorpage.aspx"  
      },  
      "endpoints": [   
         {  
            "id": "{ARM resource ID of this endpoint}",  
            "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
            "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/azureEndpoints",  
            "properties": {  
               "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
               "endpointMonitorStatus": "Online"  
               "targetResourceId": "{resource ID of target resource in Azure}",  
               "target": "myapp.azurewebsites.net",  
               "weight": 10,  
               "priority": 3,  
               "endpointLocation": "centralus"  
            }  
         },  
         {   
            "id": "{ARM resource ID of this endpoint}",  
            "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
            "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/externalEndpoints",  
            "properties": {   
               "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
               "endpointMonitorStatus": "Online"  
               "target": "myendpoint.contoso.com",  
               "weight": 10,  
               "priority": 5,  
               "endpointLocation": "northeurope",  
            }  
         },  
         {  
            "id": "{ARM resource ID of this endpoint}",  
            "name": "{endpoint-name}",  
            "type": "Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/nestedEndpoints",  
            "properties": {  
               "endpointStatus": "Enabled",  
               "endpointMonitorStatus": "Online",  
               "targetResourceId": "{resource ID of child Traffic Manager profile}",  
               "weight": 10,  
               "priority": 1,  
               "endpointLocation": "westeurope",  
               "minChildEndpoints": 1,  
               "geoMapping": [
                "GEO-EU",
                "GEO-AF"
                ]
             }  
         }  
      ]  
   }  
}  

```  

|Element name|Description|  
|------------------|-----------------|  
|profileStatus|Specifies whether the profile should be enabled or disabled.<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Enabled<br />-   Disabled|  
|trafficRoutingMethod|Specifies the traffic routing method, used to determine which endpoint is returned in response to incoming DNS queries.|  
|dnsConfig|Container for DNS settings for this Traffic Manager profile.|  
|relativeName|Specifies the relative DNS name provided by this Traffic Manager profile.|  
|fqdn|The fully-qualified domain name of the Traffic Manager profile. This is a read-only property, formed from the concatenation of the relativeName with the DNS domain used by Azure Traffic Manager.|  
|ttl|Specifies the DNS Time-to-Live (TTL), in seconds.|  
|monitorConfig|Container for endpoint monitoring settings for this Traffic Manager profile.|  
|profileMonitorStatus|Indicates the overall health status for the Traffic Manager profile.<br /><br /> This is a read-only property.  Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Online<br />-   Degraded<br />-   Inactive<br />-   Disabled<br />-   CheckingEndpoints<br /><br /> See [About Traffic Manager Monitoring for further details.](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/traffic-manager-monitoring/)|  
|protocol|Specifies the protocol to use to monitor endpoint health.|  
|port|Specifies the TCP port used to monitor endpoint health.|  
|path|Specifies the path relative to the endpoint domain name used to probe for endpoint health.|  
|endpoints|Specifies an array of Traffic Manager endpoints.|  
|id (within ‘endpoints’ list)|Specifies the ARM resource ID of the endpoint.  Each endpoint is a child resource of the parent profile resource, hence each endpoint has a unique ARM resource ID.|  
|name|Specifies the name (ARM resource name) of the endpoint.|  
|type|Specifies the type of the endpoint.|  
|properties|Container for settings relating to this Traffic Manager endpoint.|  
|target|The fully-qualified DNS name of the endpoint.<br /><br /> Traffic Manager returns this value in DNS responses when it directs traffic to this endpoint.<br /><br /> Applicable to endpoints of type ‘AzureEndpoints’ and ‘ExternalEndpoints’ only.|  
|targetResourceId|For endpoints of type ‘AzureEndpoints’, this specifies resource ID of the resource in Azure that this endpoint will direct traffic to.<br /><br /> For endpoints of type ‘NestedEndpoints’, this specifies the resource ID of the child profile that this endpoint will direct traffic to.<br /><br /> This parameter is not applicable to endpoints of type ‘ExternalEndpoints’.|  
|endpointStatus|Specifies the status of the endpoint. If the endpoint is Enabled, it is probed for endpoint health and is included in the traffic routing method.<br /><br /> Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Enabled<br />-   Disabled|  
|weight|Specifies the weight assigned by Traffic Manager to the endpoint.|  
|priority|Specifies the priority of this endpoint when using the ‘Priority’ traffic routing method.|  
|endpointLocation|Specifies the location of the endpoint.  This value is used in the ‘Performance’ traffic-routing method when determining which endpoint is closest to the end user.|  
|endpointMonitorStatus|Indicates the health status for the endpoint.<br /><br /> This is a read-only property.  Possible values are:<br /><br /> -   Online<br />-   Degraded<br />-   Inactive<br />-   Disabled<br />-   Stopped<br />-   CheckingEndpoint<br /><br /> See [About Traffic Manager Monitoring for further details.](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/traffic-manager-monitoring/)|  
|minChildEndpoints|This parameter specifies the minimum number of endpoints that must be ‘online’ in the child profile in order for the parent profile to direct traffic to any of the endpoints in that child profile. It only applies to endpoints of type NestedEndpoints.|
|geoMapping|This parameter specifies the geographic regions that are mapped to this endpoint. <br /><br /> It is only used if the endpoint is part of a profile that has routing type Geographic (for which it is required).|
