docs-ref-conceptual/trafficmanager/delete-a-traffic-manager-profile.md, before:

---
title: "Delete a Traffic Manager profile"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "2016-02-01"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.service: "traffic-manager"
ms.suite: ""
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "reference"
ms.assetid: e820aefd-0f9c-4294-832d-6ea91fa7549d
caps.latest.revision: 8
ms.author: "cherylmc"
manager: "carolz"
---
# Delete a Traffic Manager profile
Delete an existing Traffic Manager profile.  
  
## Request  
 See [Common parameters and headers](traffic-manager-profiles-and-endpoints.md#bk_common) for headers and parameters that are used by all requests related to Traffic Manager profiles and endpoints.  
  
|Method|Request URI|  
|------------|-----------------|  
|DELETE|`/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name}/providers/Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/{profile-name}?api-version={api-version}`|  
  
 *Replace {profile-name} with the name of the Traffic Manager profile to be deleted.*  
  
## Response  
 **Status code:** 200 or 204 depending on whether the Traffic Manager profile was deleted or was not found.

Commit message:

updates to traffic manager api to support restructure of network content for rest

docs-ref-conceptual/trafficmanager/delete-a-traffic-manager-profile.md, after:

---
title: Delete a Traffic Manager profile
ms.date: 03/23/2017
ms.service: traffic-manager
ms.devlang: rest-api
ms.topic: reference
author: georgewallace
ms.author: gwallace
manager: timlt
---
# Delete a Traffic Manager profile
Delete an existing Traffic Manager profile.  

For information about getting started with Azure REST operations including request authentication, see [Azure REST API Reference](../../index.md).

## Request  

|Method|Request URI|  
|------------|-----------------|  
|DELETE|`/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/{profileName}?api-version={api-version}`|  
  
| Parameter | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| subscriptionId | The identifier of your subscription where the Traffic Manager endpoint exists. |
| resourceGroupName | The name of the resource group that contains the Traffic Manager endpoint. |
| profileName | The name of the Traffic Manager profile.|
| api-version | The version of the API to use. The current version is 2017-03-01. | 

## Response  
 **Status code:** 200 or 204 depending on whether the Traffic Manager profile was deleted or was not found.
