docs-ref-conceptual/advisor/index.md, before:

---
ms.assetid: b20efd57-d56a-4381-8e09-5c704a6723d2
title: Azure Advisor REST API | Microsoft Docs
author: gwallace
ms.author: gwallace
ms.date: 03/09/17
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: Azure
ms.devlang: rest-api 
---

# Azure Advisor REST API

Azure Advisor is a personalized cloud consultant that helps you follow best practices to optimize your Azure deployments. For a more detailed overview, see the [Azure Advisor product page](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/advisor).

## REST Operation Groups 

| Operation group | Description                                                        |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Operations](~/docs-ref-autogen/advisor/Operations.json)  | Lists all available REST APIs for Advisor. |
| [Recommendations](~/docs-ref-autogen/advisor/Recommendations.json) | Provides operations for accessing Advisor recommendations. |
| [Suppressions](~/docs-ref-autogen/advisor/Suppressions.json)| Provides operations for snoozing or dismissing recommendations. |

## See also

- [Azure Advisor documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/advisor/)

Commit message:

Enable new mapping format, add service_description and docs-ref-index

docs-ref-conceptual/advisor/index.md, after:

---
ms.assetid: b20efd57-d56a-4381-8e09-5c704a6723d2
title: Azure Advisor REST API | Microsoft Docs
author: gwallace
ms.author: gwallace
ms.date: 03/09/17
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: Azure
ms.devlang: rest-api
service_description: To be added
---

# Azure Advisor REST API

Azure Advisor is a personalized cloud consultant that helps you follow best practices to optimize your Azure deployments. For a more detailed overview, see the [Azure Advisor product page](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/advisor).

## REST Operation Groups 

| Operation group | Description                                                        |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Operations](~/docs-ref-autogen/advisor/Operations.json)  | Lists all available REST APIs for Advisor. |
| [Recommendations](~/docs-ref-autogen/advisor/Recommendations.json) | Provides operations for accessing Advisor recommendations. |
| [Suppressions](~/docs-ref-autogen/advisor/Suppressions.json)| Provides operations for snoozing or dismissing recommendations. |

## See also

- [Azure Advisor documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/advisor/)
