docs-ref-conceptual/resourcehealth/index.md, before:

---
title: Azure Resource health REST API | Microsoft Docs
author: gwallace
ms.author: gwallace
ms.date: 05/05/17
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: Azure
ms.devlang: rest-api 
---

# Azure Resource health REST API

Resource health helps you diagnose and get support when an Azure issue impacts your resources. It informs you about the current and past health of your resources and helps you mitigate issues.

## REST Operation Groups 

| Operation group | Description                                                        |
|---------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Availability Statuses](~/docs-ref-autogen/resourcehealth/AvailabilityStatuses.json) | Provides operations to get availablity statuses of azure resoures. |
| [Operations](~/docs-ref-autogen/resourcehealth/Operations.json)  | Lists all available REST APIs for Resource health. |


## See also

- [Azure Resource health documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-health/)

Commit message:

Enable new mapping format, add service_description and docs-ref-index

docs-ref-conceptual/resourcehealth/index.md, after:

---
title: Azure Resource health REST API | Microsoft Docs
author: gwallace
ms.author: gwallace
ms.date: 05/05/17
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: Azure
ms.devlang: rest-api
service_description: To be added
---

# Azure Resource health REST API

Resource health helps you diagnose and get support when an Azure issue impacts your resources. It informs you about the current and past health of your resources and helps you mitigate issues.

## REST Operation Groups 

| Operation group | Description                                                        |
|---------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Availability Statuses](~/docs-ref-autogen/resourcehealth/AvailabilityStatuses.json) | Provides operations to get availablity statuses of azure resoures. |
| [Operations](~/docs-ref-autogen/resourcehealth/Operations.json)  | Lists all available REST APIs for Resource health. |


## See also

- [Azure Resource health documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-health/)
