api-doc/keyvault/vault-ops-keys.md, before:

---
uid: management.azure.com/KeyVaultClient/2016-10-01/CreateKey
summary: Creates a new key, stores it, then returns key parameters and attributes to the client. The CREATE operation can be used to create any key type in Azure Key Vault. If the named key already exists, Azure Key Vault creates a new version of the key.
Authorization: Requires the keys/create permission.
parameters:
    - name: api-version
      description: Use the latest version of 2016-10-01.
description: *content
---

For more information, see [About Keys, Secrets, and Certificates](../about-keys-secrets-and-certificates.md) and [Authentication, requests and responses](../authentication--requests-and-responses.md).

---
uid: management.azure.com/KeyVaultClient/2016-10-01/Vaults_Delete
summary: Imports a key into the specified vault.
parameters:
    - name: api-version
      description: Use the latest version of 2016-10-01.
---

Test text from Bruce for Vaults_Delete

---
uid: management.azure.com/KeyVaultClient/2016-10-01/ImportKey
summary: Gets the specified Azure key vault.
parameters:
    - name: api-version
      description: Use the latest version of 2016-10-01.
---
Test text from Bruce for import key

---
uid: management.azure.com/KeyVaultClient/2016-10-01/DeleteKey
summary: Deletes the specified key.
parameters:
    - name: api-version
      description: Use the latest version of 2016-10-01.
---
Test text from Bruce for delete key


---
uid: management.azure.com/KeyVaultClient/2016-10-01/UpdateKey
summary: Updates the key attributes associated with the specified key.
parameters:
    - name: api-version
      description: Use the latest version of 2016-10-01.
---
Test text from Bruce for update key

Commit message:

build trigger - update desc of latest service version

api-doc/keyvault/vault-ops-keys.md, after:

---
uid: management.azure.com/KeyVaultClient/2016-10-01/CreateKey
summary: Creates a new key, stores it, then returns key parameters and attributes to the client. The CREATE operation can be used to create any key type in Azure Key Vault. If the named key already exists, Azure Key Vault creates a new version of the key.
Authorization: Requires the keys/create permission.
parameters:
    - name: api-version
      description: Use the latest service version, 2016-10-01.
description: *content
---

For more information, see [About Keys, Secrets, and Certificates](../about-keys-secrets-and-certificates.md) and [Authentication, requests and responses](../authentication--requests-and-responses.md).

---
uid: management.azure.com/KeyVaultClient/2016-10-01/Vaults_Delete
summary: Imports a key into the specified vault.
parameters:
    - name: api-version
      description: Use the latest service version, 2016-10-01.
---

Test text from Bruce for Vaults_Delete

---
uid: management.azure.com/KeyVaultClient/2016-10-01/ImportKey
summary: Gets the specified Azure key vault.
parameters:
    - name: api-version
      description: Use the latest service version, 2016-10-01.
---
Test text from Bruce for import key

---
uid: management.azure.com/KeyVaultClient/2016-10-01/DeleteKey
summary: Deletes the specified key.
parameters:
    - name: api-version
      description: Use the latest service version, 2016-10-01.
---
Test text from Bruce for delete key


---
uid: management.azure.com/KeyVaultClient/2016-10-01/UpdateKey
summary: Updates the key attributes associated with the specified key.
parameters:
    - name: api-version
      description: Use the latest service version, 2016-10-01.
---
Test text from Bruce for update key
