docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getdeployedservicetypeinfobyname.md, before:

---
title: "Get Deployed Service Type Info By Name"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Deployed Service Type Info By Name
Gets the information about a specified service type of the application deployed on a node in a Service Fabric cluster.

Gets the list containing the information about a specific service type from the applications deployed on a node in a Service Fabric cluster. The response includes the name of the service type, its registration status, the code package that registered it and activation id of the service package. Each entry represents one activation of a service type, differentiated by the activation id.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/GetApplications/{applicationId}/$/GetServiceTypes/{serviceTypeName}?api-version=6.0&ServiceManifestName={ServiceManifestName}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [serviceTypeName](#servicetypename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ServiceManifestName](#servicemanifestname) | string | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme. Starting from version 6.0, hierarchical names are delimited with the "~" character. For example, if the application name is "fabric://myapp/app1", the application identity would be "myapp~app1" in 6.0+ and "myapp/app1" in previous versions.

____
### serviceTypeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Specifies the name of a Service Fabric service type.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### ServiceManifestName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The name of the service manifest to filter the list of deployed service type information. If specified, the response will only contain the information about service types that are defined in this service manifest.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | Information about service types of an application deployed on a node.<br/> | array of [DeployedServiceTypeInfo](sfclient-model-deployedservicetypeinfo.md) |
| 204 (NoContent) | An empty response is returned if the specified service type of the application is not deployed on the node.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getdeployedservicetypeinfobyname.md, after:

---
title: "Get Deployed Service Type Info By Name"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Deployed Service Type Info By Name
Gets the information about a specified service type of the application deployed on a node in a Service Fabric cluster.

Gets the list containing the information about a specific service type from the applications deployed on a node in a Service Fabric cluster. The response includes the name of the service type, its registration status, the code package that registered it and activation id of the service package. Each entry represents one activation of a service type, differentiated by the activation id.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/GetApplications/{applicationId}/$/GetServiceTypes/{serviceTypeName}?api-version=6.0&ServiceManifestName={ServiceManifestName}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [serviceTypeName](#servicetypename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ServiceManifestName](#servicemanifestname) | string | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme.
Starting from version 6.0, hierarchical names are delimited with the "~" character.
For example, if the application name is "fabric:/myapp/app1", the application identity would be "myapp~app1" in 6.0+ and "myapp/app1" in previous versions.


____
### serviceTypeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Specifies the name of a Service Fabric service type.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### ServiceManifestName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The name of the service manifest to filter the list of deployed service type information. If specified, the response will only contain the information about service types that are defined in this service manifest.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | Information about service types of an application deployed on a node.<br/> | array of [DeployedServiceTypeInfo](sfclient-model-deployedservicetypeinfo.md) |
| 204 (NoContent) | An empty response is returned if the specified service type of the application is not deployed on the node.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
