docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getservicetypeinfolist.md, before:

---
title: "Get Service Type Info List"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Service Type Info List
Gets the list containing the information about service types that are supported by a provisioned application type in a Service Fabric cluster.

Gets the list containing the information about service types that are supported by a provisioned application type in a Service Fabric cluster. The response includes the name of the service type, the name and version of the service manifest the type is defined in, kind (stateless or stateless) of the service type and other information about it.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/ApplicationTypes/{applicationTypeName}/$/GetServiceTypes?api-version=6.0&ApplicationTypeVersion={ApplicationTypeVersion}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationTypeName](#applicationtypename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ApplicationTypeVersion](#applicationtypeversion) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### applicationTypeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the application type.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### ApplicationTypeVersion
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The version of the application type.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | List of service types that are supported by a provisioned application type.<br/> | array of [ServiceTypeInfo](sfclient-model-servicetypeinfo.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getservicetypeinfolist.md, after:

---
title: "Get Service Type Info List"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Service Type Info List
Gets the list containing the information about service types that are supported by a provisioned application type in a Service Fabric cluster.

Gets the list containing the information about service types that are supported by a provisioned application type in a Service Fabric cluster. The response includes the name of the service type, the name and version of the service manifest the type is defined in, kind (stateless or stateless) of the service type and other information about it.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/ApplicationTypes/{applicationTypeName}/$/GetServiceTypes?api-version=6.0&ApplicationTypeVersion={ApplicationTypeVersion}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationTypeName](#applicationtypename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ApplicationTypeVersion](#applicationtypeversion) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### applicationTypeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the application type.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### ApplicationTypeVersion
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The version of the application type.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | List of service types that are supported by a provisioned application type.<br/> | array of [ServiceTypeInfo](sfclient-model-servicetypeinfo.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
