docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-createcomposedeployment.md, before:

---
title: "Create Compose Deployment"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Create Compose Deployment
Creates a Service Fabric compose deployment.

Creates a Service Fabric compose deployment.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| PUT | `/ComposeDeployments/$/Create?api-version=6.0-preview&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [CreateComposeDeploymentDescription](#createcomposedeploymentdescription) | [CreateComposeDeploymentDescription](sfclient-model-createcomposedeploymentdescription.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0-preview <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0-preview".

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### CreateComposeDeploymentDescription
__Type__: [CreateComposeDeploymentDescription](sfclient-model-createcomposedeploymentdescription.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Describes the compose deployment that needs to be created.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 202 (Accepted) | A successful operation will return 202 status code.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-createcomposedeployment.md, after:

---
title: "Create Compose Deployment"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Create Compose Deployment
Creates a Service Fabric compose deployment.

Compose is a file format that describes multi-container applications. This API allows deploying container based applications defined in compose format in a Service Fabric cluster. Once the deployment is created it's status can be tracked via `GetComposeDeploymentStatus` API.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| PUT | `/ComposeDeployments/$/Create?api-version=6.0-preview&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [CreateComposeDeploymentDescription](#createcomposedeploymentdescription) | [CreateComposeDeploymentDescription](sfclient-model-createcomposedeploymentdescription.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0-preview <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0-preview".

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### CreateComposeDeploymentDescription
__Type__: [CreateComposeDeploymentDescription](sfclient-model-createcomposedeploymentdescription.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Describes the compose deployment that needs to be created.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 202 (Accepted) | A successful operation will return 202 status code.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
