docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-model-partitionhealth.md, before:

---
title: "PartitionHealth"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# PartitionHealth

Information about the health of a Service Fabric partition.

## Properties
| Name | Type | Required |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [AggregatedHealthState](#aggregatedhealthstate) | string (enum) | No |
| [HealthEvents](#healthevents) | array of [HealthEvent](sfclient-model-healthevent.md) | No |
| [UnhealthyEvaluations](#unhealthyevaluations) | array of [HealthEvaluationWrapper](sfclient-model-healthevaluationwrapper.md) | No |
| [HealthStatistics](#healthstatistics) | [HealthStatistics](sfclient-model-healthstatistics.md) | No |
| [PartitionId](#partitionid) | string (uuid) | No |
| [ReplicaHealthStates](#replicahealthstates) | array of [ReplicaHealthState](sfclient-model-replicahealthstate.md) | No |

____
### AggregatedHealthState
__Type__: string (enum) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The HealthState representing the aggregated health state of the entity computed by Health Manager.
The health evaluation of the entity reflects all events reported on the entity and its children (if any).
The aggregation is done by applying the desired health policy.


The HealthState representing the aggregated health state of the entity computed by Health Manager.
The health evaluation of the entity reflects all events reported on the entity and its children (if any).
The aggregation is done by applying the desired health policy.



____
### HealthEvents
__Type__: array of [HealthEvent](sfclient-model-healthevent.md) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The list of health events reported on the entity.

____
### UnhealthyEvaluations
__Type__: array of [HealthEvaluationWrapper](sfclient-model-healthevaluationwrapper.md) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The unhealthy evaluations that show why the current aggregated health state was returned by Health Manager.

____
### HealthStatistics
__Type__: [HealthStatistics](sfclient-model-healthstatistics.md) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
Shows the health statistics for all children types of the queried entity.

____
### PartitionId
__Type__: string (uuid) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
ID of the partition whose health information is described by this object.

____
### ReplicaHealthStates
__Type__: array of [ReplicaHealthState](sfclient-model-replicahealthstate.md) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The list of replica health states associated with the partition.

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-model-partitionhealth.md, after:

---
title: "PartitionHealth"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# PartitionHealth

Information about the health of a Service Fabric partition.

## Properties
| Name | Type | Required |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [AggregatedHealthState](#aggregatedhealthstate) | string (enum) | No |
| [HealthEvents](#healthevents) | array of [HealthEvent](sfclient-model-healthevent.md) | No |
| [UnhealthyEvaluations](#unhealthyevaluations) | array of [HealthEvaluationWrapper](sfclient-model-healthevaluationwrapper.md) | No |
| [HealthStatistics](#healthstatistics) | [HealthStatistics](sfclient-model-healthstatistics.md) | No |
| [PartitionId](#partitionid) | string (uuid) | No |
| [ReplicaHealthStates](#replicahealthstates) | array of [ReplicaHealthState](sfclient-model-replicahealthstate.md) | No |

____
### AggregatedHealthState
__Type__: string (enum) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The HealthState representing the aggregated health state of the entity computed by Health Manager.
The health evaluation of the entity reflects all events reported on the entity and its children (if any).
The aggregation is done by applying the desired health policy.


The health state of a Service Fabric entity such as Cluster, Node, Application, Service, Partition, Replica etc.

Possible values are: 

  - Invalid - Indicates an invalid health state. All Service Fabric enumerations have the invalid type. The value is zero.
  - Ok - Indicates the health state is okay. The value is 1.
  - Warning - Indicates the health state is at a warning level. The value is 2.
  - Error - Indicates the health state is at an error level. Error health state should be investigated, as they can impact the correct functionality of the cluster. The value is 3.
  - Unknown - Indicates an unknown health status. The value is 65535.



____
### HealthEvents
__Type__: array of [HealthEvent](sfclient-model-healthevent.md) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The list of health events reported on the entity.

____
### UnhealthyEvaluations
__Type__: array of [HealthEvaluationWrapper](sfclient-model-healthevaluationwrapper.md) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The unhealthy evaluations that show why the current aggregated health state was returned by Health Manager.

____
### HealthStatistics
__Type__: [HealthStatistics](sfclient-model-healthstatistics.md) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
Shows the health statistics for all children types of the queried entity.

____
### PartitionId
__Type__: string (uuid) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
ID of the partition whose health information is described by this object.

____
### ReplicaHealthStates
__Type__: array of [ReplicaHealthState](sfclient-model-replicahealthstate.md) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The list of replica health states associated with the partition.
