docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-createname.md, before:

---
title: "Create Name"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Create Name
Creates a Service Fabric name.

Creates the specified Service Fabric name.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Names/$/Create?api-version=6.0&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [NameDescription](#namedescription) | [NameDescription](sfclient-model-namedescription.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### NameDescription
__Type__: [NameDescription](sfclient-model-namedescription.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Describes the Service Fabric name to be created.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 201 (Created) | A successful response means that the name has been created.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

## Examples

### Create new name

This example shows how to create a new Service Fabric name. The name can be created under an existing name that represents an appliction or a service or under a completely new name.

#### Request
```
POST http://localhost:19080/Names/$/Create?api-version=6.0
```

##### Body
```json
{
  "Name": "fabric:/samples/CalculatorApp/CalculatorService/Name-1"
}
```

#### 201 Response
##### Body
The response body is empty.

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-createname.md, after:

---
title: "Create Name"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Create Name
Creates a Service Fabric name.

Creates the specified Service Fabric name.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Names/$/Create?api-version=6.0&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [NameDescription](#namedescription) | [NameDescription](sfclient-model-namedescription.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### NameDescription
__Type__: [NameDescription](sfclient-model-namedescription.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Describes the Service Fabric name to be created.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 201 (Created) | A successful response means that the name has been created.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

## Examples

### Create new name

This example shows how to create a new Service Fabric name. The name can be created under an existing name that represents an appliction or a service or under a completely new name.

#### Request
```
POST http://localhost:19080/Names/$/Create?api-version=6.0
```

##### Body
```json
{
  "Name": "fabric:/samples/CalculatorApp/CalculatorService/Name-1"
}
```

#### 201 Response
##### Body
The response body is empty.
