docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getpartitionhealthusingpolicy.md, before:

---
title: "Get Partition Health Using Policy"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Partition Health Using Policy
Gets the health of the specified Service Fabric partition, by using the specified health policy.

Gets the health information of the specified partition.
If the application health policy is specified, the health evaluation uses it to get the aggregated health state.
If the policy is not specified, the health evaluation uses the application health policy defined in the application manifest, or the default health policy, if no policy is defined in the manifest.
Use EventsHealthStateFilter to filter the collection of health events reported on the partition based on the health state.
Use ReplicasHealthStateFilter to filter the collection of ReplicaHealthState objects on the partition. Use ApplicationHealthPolicy in the POST body to override the health policies used to evaluate the health.
If you specify a partition that does not exist in the health store, this cmdlet returns an error.


## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Partitions/{partitionId}/$/GetHealth?api-version=6.0&EventsHealthStateFilter={EventsHealthStateFilter}&ReplicasHealthStateFilter={ReplicasHealthStateFilter}&ExcludeHealthStatistics={ExcludeHealthStatistics}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [partitionId](#partitionid) | string (uuid) | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [EventsHealthStateFilter](#eventshealthstatefilter) | integer | No | Query |
| [ReplicasHealthStateFilter](#replicashealthstatefilter) | integer | No | Query |
| [ExcludeHealthStatistics](#excludehealthstatistics) | boolean | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [ApplicationHealthPolicy](#applicationhealthpolicy) | [ApplicationHealthPolicy](sfclient-model-applicationhealthpolicy.md) | No | Body |

____
### partitionId
__Type__: string (uuid) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the partition.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### EventsHealthStateFilter
__Type__: integer <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 0 <br/>
<br/>
Allows filtering the collection of HealthEvent objects returned based on health state.
The possible values for this parameter include integer value of one of the following health states.
Only events that match the filter are returned. All events are used to evaluate the aggregated health state.
If not specified, all entries are returned. The state values are flag based enumeration, so the value could be a combination of these value obtained using bitwise 'OR' operator. For example, If the provided value is 6 then all of the events with HealthState value of OK (2) and Warning (4) are returned.

- Default - Default value. Matches any HealthState. The value is zero.
- None - Filter that doesn't match any HealthState value. Used in order to return no results on a given collection of states. The value is 1.
- Ok - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Ok. The value is 2.
- Warning - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Warning. The value is 4.
- Error - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Error. The value is 8.
- All - Filter that matches input with any HealthState value. The value is 65535.


____
### ReplicasHealthStateFilter
__Type__: integer <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 0 <br/>
<br/>
Allows filtering the collection of ReplicaHealthState objects on the partition. The value can be obtained from members or bitwise operations on members of HealthStateFilter. Only replicas that match the filter will be returned. All replicas will be used to evaluate the aggregated health state. If not specified, all entries will be returned.The state values are flag based enumeration, so the value could be a combination of these value obtained using bitwise 'OR' operator. For example, If the provided value is 6 then all of the events with HealthState value of OK (2) and Warning (4) will be returned. The possible values for this parameter include integer value of one of the following health states.

- Default - Default value. Matches any HealthState. The value is zero.
- None - Filter that doesn't match any HealthState value. Used in order to return no results on a given collection of states. The value is 1.
- Ok - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Ok. The value is 2.
- Warning - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Warning. The value is 4.
- Error - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Error. The value is 8.
- All - Filter that matches input with any HealthState value. The value is 65535.


____
### ExcludeHealthStatistics
__Type__: boolean <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: false <br/>
<br/>
Indicates whether the health statistics should be returned as part of the query result. False by default.
The statistics show the number of children entities in health state Ok, Warning, and Error.


____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### ApplicationHealthPolicy
__Type__: [ApplicationHealthPolicy](sfclient-model-applicationhealthpolicy.md) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
Describes the health policies used to evaluate the health of an application or one of its children.
If not present, the health evaluation uses the health policy from application manifest or the default health policy.


## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code and the health information about the specified partition.<br/> | [PartitionHealth](sfclient-model-partitionhealth.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getpartitionhealthusingpolicy.md, after:

---
title: "Get Partition Health Using Policy"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Partition Health Using Policy
Gets the health of the specified Service Fabric partition, by using the specified health policy.

Gets the health information of the specified partition.
If the application health policy is specified, the health evaluation uses it to get the aggregated health state.
If the policy is not specified, the health evaluation uses the application health policy defined in the application manifest, or the default health policy, if no policy is defined in the manifest.
Use EventsHealthStateFilter to filter the collection of health events reported on the partition based on the health state.
Use ReplicasHealthStateFilter to filter the collection of ReplicaHealthState objects on the partition. Use ApplicationHealthPolicy in the POST body to override the health policies used to evaluate the health.
If you specify a partition that does not exist in the health store, this cmdlet returns an error.


## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Partitions/{partitionId}/$/GetHealth?api-version=6.0&EventsHealthStateFilter={EventsHealthStateFilter}&ReplicasHealthStateFilter={ReplicasHealthStateFilter}&ExcludeHealthStatistics={ExcludeHealthStatistics}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [partitionId](#partitionid) | string (uuid) | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [EventsHealthStateFilter](#eventshealthstatefilter) | integer | No | Query |
| [ReplicasHealthStateFilter](#replicashealthstatefilter) | integer | No | Query |
| [ExcludeHealthStatistics](#excludehealthstatistics) | boolean | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [ApplicationHealthPolicy](#applicationhealthpolicy) | [ApplicationHealthPolicy](sfclient-model-applicationhealthpolicy.md) | No | Body |

____
### partitionId
__Type__: string (uuid) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the partition.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### EventsHealthStateFilter
__Type__: integer <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 0 <br/>
<br/>
Allows filtering the collection of HealthEvent objects returned based on health state.
The possible values for this parameter include integer value of one of the following health states.
Only events that match the filter are returned. All events are used to evaluate the aggregated health state.
If not specified, all entries are returned. The state values are flag based enumeration, so the value could be a combination of these value obtained using bitwise 'OR' operator. For example, If the provided value is 6 then all of the events with HealthState value of OK (2) and Warning (4) are returned.

- Default - Default value. Matches any HealthState. The value is zero.
- None - Filter that doesn't match any HealthState value. Used in order to return no results on a given collection of states. The value is 1.
- Ok - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Ok. The value is 2.
- Warning - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Warning. The value is 4.
- Error - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Error. The value is 8.
- All - Filter that matches input with any HealthState value. The value is 65535.


____
### ReplicasHealthStateFilter
__Type__: integer <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 0 <br/>
<br/>
Allows filtering the collection of ReplicaHealthState objects on the partition. The value can be obtained from members or bitwise operations on members of HealthStateFilter. Only replicas that match the filter will be returned. All replicas will be used to evaluate the aggregated health state. If not specified, all entries will be returned.The state values are flag based enumeration, so the value could be a combination of these value obtained using bitwise 'OR' operator. For example, If the provided value is 6 then all of the events with HealthState value of OK (2) and Warning (4) will be returned. The possible values for this parameter include integer value of one of the following health states.

- Default - Default value. Matches any HealthState. The value is zero.
- None - Filter that doesn't match any HealthState value. Used in order to return no results on a given collection of states. The value is 1.
- Ok - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Ok. The value is 2.
- Warning - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Warning. The value is 4.
- Error - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Error. The value is 8.
- All - Filter that matches input with any HealthState value. The value is 65535.


____
### ExcludeHealthStatistics
__Type__: boolean <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: false <br/>
<br/>
Indicates whether the health statistics should be returned as part of the query result. False by default.
The statistics show the number of children entities in health state Ok, Warning, and Error.


____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### ApplicationHealthPolicy
__Type__: [ApplicationHealthPolicy](sfclient-model-applicationhealthpolicy.md) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
Describes the health policies used to evaluate the health of an application or one of its children.
If not present, the health evaluation uses the health policy from application manifest or the default health policy.


## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code and the health information about the specified partition.<br/> | [PartitionHealth](sfclient-model-partitionhealth.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
