docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getreplicainfo.md, before:

---
title: "Get Replica Info"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Replica Info
Gets the information about a replica of a Service Fabric partition.

The respons include the id, role, status, health, node name, uptime, and other details about the replica.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/Partitions/{partitionId}/$/GetReplicas/{replicaId}?api-version=6.0&ContinuationToken={ContinuationToken}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [partitionId](#partitionid) | string (uuid) | Yes | Path |
| [replicaId](#replicaid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ContinuationToken](#continuationtoken) | string | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### partitionId
__Type__: string (uuid) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the partition.

____
### replicaId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identifier of the replica.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### ContinuationToken
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The continuation token parameter is used to obtain next set of results. A continuation token with a non empty value is included in the response of the API when the results from the system do not fit in a single response. When this value is passed to the next API call, the API returns next set of results. If there are no further results then the continuation token does not contain a value. The value of this parameter should not be URL encoded.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | Information about the specified replicas of the specified partition of a Service Fabric service.<br/> | [ReplicaInfo](sfclient-model-replicainfo.md) |
| 204 (NoContent) | An empty response is returned if the specified replicaId is not a replica of the specified partition.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getreplicainfo.md, after:

---
title: "Get Replica Info"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Replica Info
Gets the information about a replica of a Service Fabric partition.

The response include the id, role, status, health, node name, uptime, and other details about the replica.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/Partitions/{partitionId}/$/GetReplicas/{replicaId}?api-version=6.0&ContinuationToken={ContinuationToken}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [partitionId](#partitionid) | string (uuid) | Yes | Path |
| [replicaId](#replicaid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ContinuationToken](#continuationtoken) | string | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### partitionId
__Type__: string (uuid) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the partition.

____
### replicaId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identifier of the replica.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### ContinuationToken
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The continuation token parameter is used to obtain next set of results. A continuation token with a non empty value is included in the response of the API when the results from the system do not fit in a single response. When this value is passed to the next API call, the API returns next set of results. If there are no further results then the continuation token does not contain a value. The value of this parameter should not be URL encoded.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | Information about the specified replicas of the specified partition of a Service Fabric service.<br/> | [ReplicaInfo](sfclient-model-replicainfo.md) |
| 204 (NoContent) | An empty response is returned if the specified replicaId is not a replica of the specified partition.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
