docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getcomposeapplicationstatus.md, before:

---
title: "Get Compose Application Status"
ms.date: "2017-05-08"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Compose Application Status
Gets information about a Service Fabric compose application.

Returns the status of compose application that was created or in the process of being created in the Service Fabric cluster and whose name matches the one specified as the parameter. The response includes the name, status and other details about the application.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/ComposeDeployments/{applicationId}?api-version=4.0-preview&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 4.0-preview <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "4.0-preview".

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | Information about the compose application.<br/> | [ComposeApplicationStatusInfo](sfclient-model-composeapplicationstatusinfo.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

add information that compose deployment APIs work only with preview version

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getcomposeapplicationstatus.md, after:

---
title: "Get Compose Application Status"
ms.date: "2017-05-09"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---


# Get Compose Application Status


> [!IMPORTANT]
>
>  These API work with Service Fabric clusters running preview runtime version of 255.255.57--.255 and above.
>

Gets information about a Service Fabric compose application.

Returns the status of compose application that was created or in the process of being created in the Service Fabric cluster and whose name matches the one specified as the parameter. The response includes the name, status and other details about the application.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/ComposeDeployments/{applicationId}?api-version=4.0-preview&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 4.0-preview <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "4.0-preview".

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | Information about the compose application.<br/> | [ComposeApplicationStatusInfo](sfclient-model-composeapplicationstatusinfo.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
