docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-deleteapplication.md, before:

---
title: "Delete Application"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Delete Application
Deletes an existing Service Fabric application.

Deletes an existing Service Fabric application. An application must be created before it can be deleted. Deleting an application will delete all services that are part of that application. By default Service Fabric will try to close service replicas in a graceful manner and then delete the service. However if service is having issues closing the replica gracefully, the delete operation may take a long time or get stuck. Use the optional ForceRemove flag to skip the graceful close sequence and forcefully delete the application and all of the its services.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Applications/{applicationId}/$/Delete?api-version=6.0&ForceRemove={ForceRemove}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ForceRemove](#forceremove) | boolean | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme. Starting from version 6.0, hierarchical names are delimited with the "~" character. For example, if the application name is "fabric://myapp/app1", the application identity would be "myapp~app1" in 6.0+ and "myapp/app1" in previous versions.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### ForceRemove
__Type__: boolean <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
Remove a Service Fabric application or service forcefully without going through the graceful shutdown sequence. This parameter can be used to forcefully delete an application or service for which delete is timing out due to issues in the service code that prevents graceful close of replicas.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-deleteapplication.md, after:

---
title: "Delete Application"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Delete Application
Deletes an existing Service Fabric application.

Deletes an existing Service Fabric application. An application must be created before it can be deleted. Deleting an application will delete all services that are part of that application. By default Service Fabric will try to close service replicas in a graceful manner and then delete the service. However if service is having issues closing the replica gracefully, the delete operation may take a long time or get stuck. Use the optional ForceRemove flag to skip the graceful close sequence and forcefully delete the application and all of the its services.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Applications/{applicationId}/$/Delete?api-version=6.0&ForceRemove={ForceRemove}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ForceRemove](#forceremove) | boolean | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme.
Starting from version 6.0, hierarchical names are delimited with the "~" character.
For example, if the application name is "fabric:/myapp/app1", the application identity would be "myapp~app1" in 6.0+ and "myapp/app1" in previous versions.


____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### ForceRemove
__Type__: boolean <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
Remove a Service Fabric application or service forcefully without going through the graceful shutdown sequence. This parameter can be used to forcefully delete an application or service for which delete is timing out due to issues in the service code that prevents graceful close of replicas.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
