docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-disablenode.md, before:

---
title: "Disable Node"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Disable Node
Deactivate a Service Fabric cluster node with the specified deactivation intent.

Deactivate a Service Fabric cluster node with the specified deactivation intent. Once the deactivation is in progress, the deactivation intent can be increased, but not decreased (for example, a node which is was deactivated with the Pause intent can be deactivated further with Restart, but not the other way around. Nodes may be reactivated using the Activate a node operation any time after they are deactivated. If the deactivation is not complete this will cancel the deactivation. A node which goes down and comes back up while deactivated will still need to be reactivated before services will be placed on that node.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/Deactivate?api-version=6.0&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [DeactivationIntentDescription](#deactivationintentdescription) | [DeactivationIntentDescription](sfclient-model-deactivationintentdescription.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### DeactivationIntentDescription
__Type__: [DeactivationIntentDescription](sfclient-model-deactivationintentdescription.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Describes the intent or reason for deactivating the node.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-disablenode.md, after:

---
title: "Disable Node"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Disable Node
Deactivate a Service Fabric cluster node with the specified deactivation intent.

Deactivate a Service Fabric cluster node with the specified deactivation intent. Once the deactivation is in progress, the deactivation intent can be increased, but not decreased (for example, a node which is was deactivated with the Pause intent can be deactivated further with Restart, but not the other way around. Nodes may be reactivated using the Activate a node operation any time after they are deactivated. If the deactivation is not complete this will cancel the deactivation. A node which goes down and comes back up while deactivated will still need to be reactivated before services will be placed on that node.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/Deactivate?api-version=6.0&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [DeactivationIntentDescription](#deactivationintentdescription) | [DeactivationIntentDescription](sfclient-model-deactivationintentdescription.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### DeactivationIntentDescription
__Type__: [DeactivationIntentDescription](sfclient-model-deactivationintentdescription.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Describes the intent or reason for deactivating the node.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
