docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-removereplica.md, before:

---
title: "Remove Replica"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Remove Replica
Removes a service replica running on a node.

This API simulates a Service Fabric replica failure by removing a replica from a Service Fabric cluster. The removal closes the replica, transitions the replica to the role None, and then removes all of the state information of the replica from the cluster. This API tests the replica state removal path, and simulates the report fault permanent path through client APIs. Warning - There are no safety checks performed when this API is used. Incorrect use of this API can lead to data loss for stateful services.In addition, the forceRemove flag impacts all other replicas hosted in the same process.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/GetPartitions/{partitionId}/$/GetReplicas/{replicaId}/$/Delete?api-version=6.0&ForceRemove={ForceRemove}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [partitionId](#partitionid) | string (uuid) | Yes | Path |
| [replicaId](#replicaid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ForceRemove](#forceremove) | boolean | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### partitionId
__Type__: string (uuid) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the partition.

____
### replicaId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identifier of the replica.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### ForceRemove
__Type__: boolean <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
Remove a Service Fabric application or service forcefully without going through the graceful shutdown sequence. This parameter can be used to forcefully delete an application or service for which delete is timing out due to issues in the service code that prevents graceful close of replicas.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code. A successful operation means that the restart command was received by the replica on the node and it is in the process of restarting.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-removereplica.md, after:

---
title: "Remove Replica"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Remove Replica
Removes a service replica running on a node.

This API simulates a Service Fabric replica failure by removing a replica from a Service Fabric cluster. The removal closes the replica, transitions the replica to the role None, and then removes all of the state information of the replica from the cluster. This API tests the replica state removal path, and simulates the report fault permanent path through client APIs. Warning - There are no safety checks performed when this API is used. Incorrect use of this API can lead to data loss for stateful services.In addition, the forceRemove flag impacts all other replicas hosted in the same process.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/GetPartitions/{partitionId}/$/GetReplicas/{replicaId}/$/Delete?api-version=6.0&ForceRemove={ForceRemove}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [partitionId](#partitionid) | string (uuid) | Yes | Path |
| [replicaId](#replicaid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ForceRemove](#forceremove) | boolean | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### partitionId
__Type__: string (uuid) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the partition.

____
### replicaId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identifier of the replica.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### ForceRemove
__Type__: boolean <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
Remove a Service Fabric application or service forcefully without going through the graceful shutdown sequence. This parameter can be used to forcefully delete an application or service for which delete is timing out due to issues in the service code that prevents graceful close of replicas.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code. A successful operation means that the restart command was received by the replica on the node and it is in the process of restarting.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
