docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-forceapproverepairtask.md, before:

---
title: "Force Approve Repair Task"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Force Approve Repair Task
Forces the approval of the given repair task.

This API supports the Service Fabric platform; it is not meant to be used directly from your code.


## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/$/ForceApproveRepairTask?api-version=6.0` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [RepairTaskApproveDescription](#repairtaskapprovedescription) | [RepairTaskApproveDescription](sfclient-model-repairtaskapprovedescription.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### RepairTaskApproveDescription
__Type__: [RepairTaskApproveDescription](sfclient-model-repairtaskapprovedescription.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Describes the repair task to be approved.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code.<br/>The response body provides information about the updated repair task.<br/> | [RepairTaskUpdateInfo](sfclient-model-repairtaskupdateinfo.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-forceapproverepairtask.md, after:

---
title: "Force Approve Repair Task"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Force Approve Repair Task
Forces the approval of the given repair task.

This API supports the Service Fabric platform; it is not meant to be used directly from your code.


## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/$/ForceApproveRepairTask?api-version=6.0` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [RepairTaskApproveDescription](#repairtaskapprovedescription) | [RepairTaskApproveDescription](sfclient-model-repairtaskapprovedescription.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### RepairTaskApproveDescription
__Type__: [RepairTaskApproveDescription](sfclient-model-repairtaskapprovedescription.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Describes the repair task to be approved.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code.<br/>The response body provides information about the updated repair task.<br/> | [RepairTaskUpdateInfo](sfclient-model-repairtaskupdateinfo.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
