docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getdeployedservicepackageinfolist.md, before:

---
title: "Get Deployed Service Package Info List"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Deployed Service Package Info List
Gets the list of service packages deployed on a Service Fabric node.

Returns the information about the service packages deployed on a Service Fabric node for the given application.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/GetApplications/{applicationId}/$/GetServicePackages?api-version=6.0&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme. Starting from version 6.0, hierarchical names are delimited with the "~" character. For example, if the application name is "fabric://myapp/app1", the application identity would be "myapp~app1" in 6.0+ and "myapp/app1" in previous versions.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code and the list of deployed service packages information.<br/> | array of [DeployedServicePackageInfo](sfclient-model-deployedservicepackageinfo.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getdeployedservicepackageinfolist.md, after:

---
title: "Get Deployed Service Package Info List"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Deployed Service Package Info List
Gets the list of service packages deployed on a Service Fabric node.

Returns the information about the service packages deployed on a Service Fabric node for the given application.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/GetApplications/{applicationId}/$/GetServicePackages?api-version=6.0&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme.
Starting from version 6.0, hierarchical names are delimited with the "~" character.
For example, if the application name is "fabric:/myapp/app1", the application identity would be "myapp~app1" in 6.0+ and "myapp/app1" in previous versions.


____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code and the list of deployed service packages information.<br/> | array of [DeployedServicePackageInfo](sfclient-model-deployedservicepackageinfo.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
