docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-removecomposeapplication.md, before:

---
title: "Remove Compose Application"
ms.date: "2017-05-08"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Remove Compose Application
Deletes an existing Service Fabric compose application from cluster.

Deletes an existing Service Fabric compose application. An application must be created before it can be deleted.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/ComposeDeployments/{applicationId}/$/Delete?api-version=4.0-preview&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 4.0-preview <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "4.0-preview".

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 202 (Accepted) | A successful operation will return 202 status code.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

add information that compose deployment APIs work only with preview version

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-removecomposeapplication.md, after:

---
title: "Remove Compose Application"
ms.date: "2017-05-09"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---


# Remove Compose Application


> [!IMPORTANT]
>
>  These API work with Service Fabric clusters running preview runtime version of 255.255.57--.255 and above.
>

Deletes an existing Service Fabric compose application from cluster.

Deletes an existing Service Fabric compose application. An application must be created before it can be deleted.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/ComposeDeployments/{applicationId}/$/Delete?api-version=4.0-preview&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 4.0-preview <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "4.0-preview".

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 202 (Accepted) | A successful operation will return 202 status code.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
