---
title: "Upload File"
ms.date: "2018-07-20"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Upload File
Uploads contents of the file to the image store.

Uploads contents of the file to the image store. Use this API if the file is small enough to upload again if the connection fails. The file's data needs to be added to the request body. The contents will be uploaded to the specified path. Image store service uses a mark file to indicate the availability of the folder. The mark file is an empty file named "_.dir". The mark file is generated by the image store service when all files in a folder are uploaded. When using File-by-File approach to upload application package in REST, the image store service isn't aware of the file hierarchy of the application package; you need to create a mark file per folder and upload it last, to let the image store service know that the folder is complete.


## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| PUT | `/ImageStore/{contentPath}?api-version=6.0&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [`contentPath`](#contentpath) | string | Yes | Path |
| [`api-version`](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [`timeout`](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### `contentPath`
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Relative path to file or folder in the image store from its root.

____
### `api-version`
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: `6.0` <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This parameter is required and its value must be '6.0'.

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### `timeout`
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: `60` <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: `4294967295` <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: `1` <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This timeout specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | If the upload request succeeds, the server returns the HTTP 200 OK status code.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
