docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getapplicationtypeinfolistbyname.md, before:

---
title: "Get Application Type Info List By Name"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Application Type Info List By Name
Gets the list of application types in the Service Fabric cluster matching exactly the specified name.

Returns the information about the application types that are provisioned or in the process of being provisioned in the Service Fabric cluster. These results are of application types whose name match exactly the one specified as the parameter, and which comply with the given query parameters. All versions of the application type matching the application type name are returned, with each version returned as one application type. The response includes the name, version, status and other details about the application type. This is a paged query, meaning that if not all of the application types fit in a page, one page of results is returned as well as a continuation token which can be used to get the next page. For example, if there are 10 application types but a page only fits the first 3 application types, or if max results is set to 3, then 3 is returned. To access the rest of the results, retrieve subsequent pages by using the returned continuation token in the next query. An empty continuation token is returned if there are no subsequent pages.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/ApplicationTypes/{applicationTypeName}?api-version=6.0&ApplicationTypeVersion={ApplicationTypeVersion}&ExcludeApplicationParameters={ExcludeApplicationParameters}&ContinuationToken={ContinuationToken}&MaxResults={MaxResults}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationTypeName](#applicationtypename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ApplicationTypeVersion](#applicationtypeversion) | string | No | Query |
| [ExcludeApplicationParameters](#excludeapplicationparameters) | boolean | No | Query |
| [ContinuationToken](#continuationtoken) | string | No | Query |
| [MaxResults](#maxresults) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### applicationTypeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the application type.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### ApplicationTypeVersion
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The version of the application type.

____
### ExcludeApplicationParameters
__Type__: boolean <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: false <br/>
<br/>
The flag that specifies whether application parameters will be excluded from the result.

____
### ContinuationToken
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The continuation token parameter is used to obtain next set of results. A continuation token with a non empty value is included in the response of the API when the results from the system do not fit in a single response. When this value is passed to the next API call, the API returns next set of results. If there are no further results then the continuation token does not contain a value. The value of this parameter should not be URL encoded.

____
### MaxResults
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 0 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 0 <br/>
<br/>
The maximum number of results to be returned as part of the paged queries. This parameter defines the upper bound on the number of results returned. The results returned can be less than the specified maximum results if they do not fit in the message as per the max message size restrictions defined in the configuration. If this parameter is zero or not specified, the paged queries includes as much results as possible that fit in the return message.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | List of application types in the cluster.<br/> | [PagedApplicationTypeInfoList](sfclient-model-pagedapplicationtypeinfolist.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getapplicationtypeinfolistbyname.md, after:

---
title: "Get Application Type Info List By Name"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Application Type Info List By Name
Gets the list of application types in the Service Fabric cluster matching exactly the specified name.

Returns the information about the application types that are provisioned or in the process of being provisioned in the Service Fabric cluster. These results are of application types whose name match exactly the one specified as the parameter, and which comply with the given query parameters. All versions of the application type matching the application type name are returned, with each version returned as one application type. The response includes the name, version, status and other details about the application type. This is a paged query, meaning that if not all of the application types fit in a page, one page of results is returned as well as a continuation token which can be used to get the next page. For example, if there are 10 application types but a page only fits the first 3 application types, or if max results is set to 3, then 3 is returned. To access the rest of the results, retrieve subsequent pages by using the returned continuation token in the next query. An empty continuation token is returned if there are no subsequent pages.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/ApplicationTypes/{applicationTypeName}?api-version=6.0&ApplicationTypeVersion={ApplicationTypeVersion}&ExcludeApplicationParameters={ExcludeApplicationParameters}&ContinuationToken={ContinuationToken}&MaxResults={MaxResults}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationTypeName](#applicationtypename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ApplicationTypeVersion](#applicationtypeversion) | string | No | Query |
| [ExcludeApplicationParameters](#excludeapplicationparameters) | boolean | No | Query |
| [ContinuationToken](#continuationtoken) | string | No | Query |
| [MaxResults](#maxresults) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### applicationTypeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the application type.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### ApplicationTypeVersion
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The version of the application type.

____
### ExcludeApplicationParameters
__Type__: boolean <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: false <br/>
<br/>
The flag that specifies whether application parameters will be excluded from the result.

____
### ContinuationToken
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The continuation token parameter is used to obtain next set of results. A continuation token with a non empty value is included in the response of the API when the results from the system do not fit in a single response. When this value is passed to the next API call, the API returns next set of results. If there are no further results then the continuation token does not contain a value. The value of this parameter should not be URL encoded.

____
### MaxResults
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 0 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 0 <br/>
<br/>
The maximum number of results to be returned as part of the paged queries. This parameter defines the upper bound on the number of results returned. The results returned can be less than the specified maximum results if they do not fit in the message as per the max message size restrictions defined in the configuration. If this parameter is zero or not specified, the paged queries includes as much results as possible that fit in the return message.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | List of application types in the cluster.<br/> | [PagedApplicationTypeInfoList](sfclient-model-pagedapplicationtypeinfolist.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
