docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-createapplication.md, before:

---
title: "Create Application"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Create Application
Creates a Service Fabric application.

Creates a Service Fabric application using the specified description.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Applications/$/Create?api-version=6.0&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [ApplicationDescription](#applicationdescription) | [ApplicationDescription](sfclient-model-applicationdescription.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### ApplicationDescription
__Type__: [ApplicationDescription](sfclient-model-applicationdescription.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Description for creating an application.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 201 (Created) | A successful response means that the application creation has been started. Use GetApplication operation to get the status of the application. Once GetApplicationInfo successfully returns application information, the application is created. If the application has default services those may be in the process of being created. Use GetServiceInfo operation to get the status of the service within the application.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

## Examples

### Create application.

This example shows how to create a Service Fabric application without overriding any application parameter values.

#### Request
```
POST http://localhost:19080/Applications/$/Create?api-version=6.0
```

##### Body
```json
{
  "Name": "fabric:/samples/CalcApp",
  "TypeVersion": "1.0",
  "TypeName": "CalculatorApp"
}
```

#### 201 Response
##### Body
The response body is empty.

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-createapplication.md, after:

---
title: "Create Application"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Create Application
Creates a Service Fabric application.

Creates a Service Fabric application using the specified description.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Applications/$/Create?api-version=6.0&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [ApplicationDescription](#applicationdescription) | [ApplicationDescription](sfclient-model-applicationdescription.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### ApplicationDescription
__Type__: [ApplicationDescription](sfclient-model-applicationdescription.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Description for creating an application.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 201 (Created) | A successful response means that the application creation has been started. Use GetApplication operation to get the status of the application. Once GetApplicationInfo successfully returns application information, the application is created. If the application has default services those may be in the process of being created. Use GetServiceInfo operation to get the status of the service within the application.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

## Examples

### Create application.

This example shows how to create a Service Fabric application without overriding any application parameter values.

#### Request
```
POST http://localhost:19080/Applications/$/Create?api-version=6.0
```

##### Body
```json
{
  "Name": "fabric:/samples/CalcApp",
  "TypeVersion": "1.0",
  "TypeName": "CalculatorApp"
}
```

#### 201 Response
##### Body
The response body is empty.
