docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-index-compose-deployment.md, before:

---
title: "Compose Deployment"
ms.date: "2017-05-08"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Compose Deployment APIs

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [Create Compose Application](sfclient-api-createcomposeapplication.md) | Creates a Service Fabric compose application.<br/> |
| [Get Compose Application Status](sfclient-api-getcomposeapplicationstatus.md) | Gets information about a Service Fabric compose application.<br/> |
| [Get Compose Application Status List](sfclient-api-getcomposeapplicationstatuslist.md) | Gets the list of compose applications created in the Service Fabric cluster.<br/> |
| [Remove Compose Application](sfclient-api-removecomposeapplication.md) | Deletes an existing Service Fabric compose application from cluster.<br/> |

Commit message:

add information that compose deployment APIs work only with preview version

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-index-compose-deployment.md, after:

---
title: "Compose Deployment"
ms.date: "2017-05-09"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---


# Compose Deployment APIs



> [!IMPORTANT]
>
>  These APIs work with Service Fabric clusters running preview runtime version of 255.255.57--.255 and above.
>

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [Create Compose Application](sfclient-api-createcomposeapplication.md) | Creates a Service Fabric compose application.<br/> |
| [Get Compose Application Status](sfclient-api-getcomposeapplicationstatus.md) | Gets information about a Service Fabric compose application.<br/> |
| [Get Compose Application Status List](sfclient-api-getcomposeapplicationstatuslist.md) | Gets the list of compose applications created in the Service Fabric cluster.<br/> |
| [Remove Compose Application](sfclient-api-removecomposeapplication.md) | Deletes an existing Service Fabric compose application from cluster.<br/> |
