docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-index-service.md, before:

---
title: "Service"
ms.date: "2017-04-29"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Service APIs

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [Get Service Info List](sfclient-api-getserviceinfolist.md) | Gets the information about all services belonging to the application specified by the application id.<br/> |
| [Get Application Name Info](sfclient-api-getapplicationnameinfo.md) | Gets the name of the Service Fabric application for a service.<br/> |
| [Create Service](sfclient-api-createservice.md) | Creates the specified service.<br/> |
| [Create Service From Template](sfclient-api-createservicefromtemplate.md) | Creates a Service Fabric service from the service template defined in the application manifest.<br/> |
| [Delete Service](sfclient-api-deleteservice.md) | Deletes an existing Service Fabric service.<br/> |
| [Update Service](sfclient-api-updateservice.md) | Updates the specified service using the given update description.<br/> |
| [Get Service Description](sfclient-api-getservicedescription.md) | Gets the description of an existing Service Fabric service.<br/> |
| [Get Service Health](sfclient-api-getservicehealth.md) | Gets the health of the specified Service Fabric service.<br/> |
| [Get Service Health Using Policy](sfclient-api-getservicehealthusingpolicy.md) | Gets the health of the specified Service Fabric service, by using the specified health policy.<br/> |
| [Report Service Health](sfclient-api-reportservicehealth.md) | Sends a health report on the Service Fabric service.<br/> |
| [Resolve Service](sfclient-api-resolveservice.md) | Resolve a Service Fabric partition.<br/> |

Commit message:

REST documentation update for Service Fabric

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-index-service.md, after:

---
title: "Service"
ms.date: "2017-05-03"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Service APIs

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [Get Service Info List](sfclient-api-getserviceinfolist.md) | Gets the information about all services belonging to the application specified by the application id.<br/> |
| [Get Service Info](sfclient-api-getserviceinfo.md) | Gets the information about the specific service belonging to a Service Fabric application.<br/> |
| [Get Application Name Info](sfclient-api-getapplicationnameinfo.md) | Gets the name of the Service Fabric application for a service.<br/> |
| [Create Service](sfclient-api-createservice.md) | Creates the specified service.<br/> |
| [Create Service From Template](sfclient-api-createservicefromtemplate.md) | Creates a Service Fabric service from the service template defined in the application manifest.<br/> |
| [Delete Service](sfclient-api-deleteservice.md) | Deletes an existing Service Fabric service.<br/> |
| [Update Service](sfclient-api-updateservice.md) | Updates the specified service using the given update description.<br/> |
| [Get Service Description](sfclient-api-getservicedescription.md) | Gets the description of an existing Service Fabric service.<br/> |
| [Get Service Health](sfclient-api-getservicehealth.md) | Gets the health of the specified Service Fabric service.<br/> |
| [Get Service Health Using Policy](sfclient-api-getservicehealthusingpolicy.md) | Gets the health of the specified Service Fabric service, by using the specified health policy.<br/> |
| [Report Service Health](sfclient-api-reportservicehealth.md) | Sends a health report on the Service Fabric service.<br/> |
| [Resolve Service](sfclient-api-resolveservice.md) | Resolve a Service Fabric partition.<br/> |
