docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-index-application.md, before:

---
title: "Application"
ms.date: "2017-04-29"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Application APIs

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [Create Application](sfclient-api-createapplication.md) | Creates a Service Fabric application.<br/> |
| [Delete Application](sfclient-api-deleteapplication.md) | Deletes an existing Service Fabric application.<br/> |
| [Get Application Info List](sfclient-api-getapplicationinfolist.md) | Gets the list of applications created in the Service Fabric cluster that match filters specified as the parameter.<br/> |
| [Get Application Info](sfclient-api-getapplicationinfo.md) | Gets information about a Service Fabric application.<br/> |
| [Get Application Health](sfclient-api-getapplicationhealth.md) | Gets the health of the service fabric application.<br/> |
| [Get Application Health Using Policy](sfclient-api-getapplicationhealthusingpolicy.md) | Gets the health of a Service Fabric application using the specified policy.<br/> |
| [Report Application Health](sfclient-api-reportapplicationhealth.md) | Sends a health report on the Service Fabric application.<br/> |
| [Start Application Upgrade](sfclient-api-startapplicationupgrade.md) | Starts upgrading an application in the Service Fabric cluster.<br/> |
| [Get Application Upgrade](sfclient-api-getapplicationupgrade.md) | Gets details for the latest upgrade performed on this application.<br/> |
| [Resume Application Upgrade](sfclient-api-resumeapplicationupgrade.md) | Resumes upgrading an application in the Service Fabric cluster.<br/> |
| [Get Deployed Application Info List](sfclient-api-getdeployedapplicationinfolist.md) | Gets the list of applications deployed on a Service Fabric node.<br/> |
| [Get Deployed Application Info](sfclient-api-getdeployedapplicationinfo.md) | Gets the information about an application deployed on a Service Fabric node.<br/> |
| [Get Deployed Application Health](sfclient-api-getdeployedapplicationhealth.md) | Gets the information about health of an application deployed on a Service Fabric node.<br/> |
| [Get Deployed Application Health Using Policy](sfclient-api-getdeployedapplicationhealthusingpolicy.md) | Gets the information about health of an application deployed on a Service Fabric node. using the specified policy.<br/> |
| [Report Deployed Application Health](sfclient-api-reportdeployedapplicationhealth.md) | Sends a health report on the Service Fabric application deployed on a Service Fabric node.<br/> |

Commit message:

REST documentation update for Service Fabric

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-index-application.md, after:

---
title: "Application"
ms.date: "2017-05-03"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Application APIs

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [Create Application](sfclient-api-createapplication.md) | Creates a Service Fabric application.<br/> |
| [Delete Application](sfclient-api-deleteapplication.md) | Deletes an existing Service Fabric application.<br/> |
| [Get Application Info List](sfclient-api-getapplicationinfolist.md) | Gets the list of applications created in the Service Fabric cluster that match filters specified as the parameter.<br/> |
| [Get Application Info](sfclient-api-getapplicationinfo.md) | Gets information about a Service Fabric application.<br/> |
| [Get Application Health](sfclient-api-getapplicationhealth.md) | Gets the health of the service fabric application.<br/> |
| [Get Application Health Using Policy](sfclient-api-getapplicationhealthusingpolicy.md) | Gets the health of a Service Fabric application using the specified policy.<br/> |
| [Report Application Health](sfclient-api-reportapplicationhealth.md) | Sends a health report on the Service Fabric application.<br/> |
| [Start Application Upgrade](sfclient-api-startapplicationupgrade.md) | Starts upgrading an application in the Service Fabric cluster.<br/> |
| [Get Application Upgrade](sfclient-api-getapplicationupgrade.md) | Gets details for the latest upgrade performed on this application.<br/> |
| [Update Application Upgrade](sfclient-api-updateapplicationupgrade.md) | Updates an ongoing application upgrade in the Service Fabric cluster.<br/> |
| [Resume Application Upgrade](sfclient-api-resumeapplicationupgrade.md) | Resumes upgrading an application in the Service Fabric cluster.<br/> |
| [Rollback Application Upgrade](sfclient-api-rollbackapplicationupgrade.md) | Starts rolling back the currently on-going upgrade of an application in the Service Fabric cluster.<br/> |
| [Get Deployed Application Info List](sfclient-api-getdeployedapplicationinfolist.md) | Gets the list of applications deployed on a Service Fabric node.<br/> |
| [Get Deployed Application Info](sfclient-api-getdeployedapplicationinfo.md) | Gets the information about an application deployed on a Service Fabric node.<br/> |
| [Get Deployed Application Health](sfclient-api-getdeployedapplicationhealth.md) | Gets the information about health of an application deployed on a Service Fabric node.<br/> |
| [Get Deployed Application Health Using Policy](sfclient-api-getdeployedapplicationhealthusingpolicy.md) | Gets the information about health of an application deployed on a Service Fabric node. using the specified policy.<br/> |
| [Report Deployed Application Health](sfclient-api-reportdeployedapplicationhealth.md) | Sends a health report on the Service Fabric application deployed on a Service Fabric node.<br/> |
