docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-invokeinfrastructurecommand.md, before:

---
title: "Invoke Infrastructure Command"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Invoke Infrastructure Command
Invokes an administrative command on the given Infrastructure Service instance.

For clusters that have one or more instances of the Infrastructure Service configured,
this API provides a way to send infrastructure-specific commands to a particular
instance of the Infrastructure Service.

Available commands and their corresponding response formats vary depending upon
the infrastructure on which the cluster is running.

This API supports the Service Fabric platform; it is not meant to be used directly from your code.


## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/$/InvokeInfrastructureCommand?api-version=6.0&Command={Command}&ServiceId={ServiceId}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [Command](#command) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ServiceId](#serviceid) | string | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### Command
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The text of the command to be invoked. The content of the command is infrastructure-specific.

____
### ServiceId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the infrastructure service. This is  the full name of the infrastructure service without the 'fabric:' URI scheme. This parameter required only for the cluster that have more than one instance of infrastructure service running.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | The response from the infrastructure service. The response format is a JSON stream.<br/>The contents of the response depend on which command was issued.<br/> | string (binary) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-invokeinfrastructurecommand.md, after:

---
title: "Invoke Infrastructure Command"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Invoke Infrastructure Command
Invokes an administrative command on the given Infrastructure Service instance.

For clusters that have one or more instances of the Infrastructure Service configured,
this API provides a way to send infrastructure-specific commands to a particular
instance of the Infrastructure Service.

Available commands and their corresponding response formats vary depending upon
the infrastructure on which the cluster is running.

This API supports the Service Fabric platform; it is not meant to be used directly from your code.


## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/$/InvokeInfrastructureCommand?api-version=6.0&Command={Command}&ServiceId={ServiceId}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [Command](#command) | string | Yes | Query |
| [ServiceId](#serviceid) | string | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### Command
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The text of the command to be invoked. The content of the command is infrastructure-specific.

____
### ServiceId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the infrastructure service. This is  the full name of the infrastructure service without the 'fabric:' URI scheme. This parameter required only for the cluster that have more than one instance of infrastructure service running.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | The response from the infrastructure service. The response format is a JSON stream.<br/>The contents of the response depend on which command was issued.<br/> | string (binary) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
