docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-startnodetransition.md, before:

---
title: "Start Node Transition"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Start Node Transition
Starts or stops a cluster node.

Starts or stops a cluster node.  A cluster node is a process, not the OS instance itself.  To start a node, pass in "Start" for the NodeTransitionType parameter.
To stop a node, pass in "Stop" for the NodeTransitionType parameter.  This API starts the operation - when the API returns the node may not have finished transitioning yet.
Call GetNodeTransitionProgress with the same OperationId to get the progress of the operation.


## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Faults/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/StartTransition/?api-version=6.0&OperationId={OperationId}&NodeTransitionType={NodeTransitionType}&NodeInstanceId={NodeInstanceId}&StopDurationInSeconds={StopDurationInSeconds}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [OperationId](#operationid) | string (uuid) | Yes | Query |
| [NodeTransitionType](#nodetransitiontype) | string (enum) | Yes | Query |
| [NodeInstanceId](#nodeinstanceid) | string | Yes | Query |
| [StopDurationInSeconds](#stopdurationinseconds) | integer (int32) | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### OperationId
__Type__: string (uuid) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
A GUID that identifies a call of this API.  This is passed into the corresponding GetProgress API

____
### NodeTransitionType
__Type__: string (enum) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Indicates the type of transition to perform.  NodeTransitionType.Start will start a stopped node.  NodeTransitionType.Stop will stop a node that is up.
  - Invalid - Reserved.  Do not pass into API.
  - Start - Transition a stopped node to up.
  - Stop - Transition an up node to stopped.
. Possible values include: 'Invalid', 'Start', 'Stop'

____
### NodeInstanceId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The node instance ID of the target node.  This can be determined through GetNodeInfo API.

____
### StopDurationInSeconds
__Type__: integer (int32) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 0 <br/>
<br/>
The duration, in seconds, to keep the node stopped.  The minimum value is 600, the maximum is 14400.  After this time expires, the node will automatically come back up.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 202 (Accepted) | A 202 status code indicates the operation was accepted.  Call the GetNodeTransitionProgress API to get the progress.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-startnodetransition.md, after:

---
title: "Start Node Transition"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Start Node Transition
Starts or stops a cluster node.

Starts or stops a cluster node.  A cluster node is a process, not the OS instance itself.  To start a node, pass in "Start" for the NodeTransitionType parameter.
To stop a node, pass in "Stop" for the NodeTransitionType parameter.  This API starts the operation - when the API returns the node may not have finished transitioning yet.
Call GetNodeTransitionProgress with the same OperationId to get the progress of the operation.


## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/Faults/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/StartTransition/?api-version=6.0&OperationId={OperationId}&NodeTransitionType={NodeTransitionType}&NodeInstanceId={NodeInstanceId}&StopDurationInSeconds={StopDurationInSeconds}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [OperationId](#operationid) | string (uuid) | Yes | Query |
| [NodeTransitionType](#nodetransitiontype) | string (enum) | Yes | Query |
| [NodeInstanceId](#nodeinstanceid) | string | Yes | Query |
| [StopDurationInSeconds](#stopdurationinseconds) | integer (int32) | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### OperationId
__Type__: string (uuid) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
A GUID that identifies a call of this API.  This is passed into the corresponding GetProgress API

____
### NodeTransitionType
__Type__: string (enum) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Indicates the type of transition to perform.  NodeTransitionType.Start will start a stopped node.  NodeTransitionType.Stop will stop a node that is up. Possible values include: 'Invalid', 'Start', 'Stop'

____
### NodeInstanceId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The node instance ID of the target node.  This can be determined through GetNodeInfo API.

____
### StopDurationInSeconds
__Type__: integer (int32) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 0 <br/>
<br/>
The duration, in seconds, to keep the node stopped.  The minimum value is 600, the maximum is 14400.  After this time expires, the node will automatically come back up.

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 202 (Accepted) | A 202 status code indicates the operation was accepted.  Call the GetNodeTransitionProgress API to get the progress.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
