---
title: "Upload File Chunk"
ms.date: "2018-04-23"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Upload File Chunk
Uploads a file chunk to the image store relative path.

Uploads a file chunk to the image store with the specified upload session ID and image store relative path. This API allows user to resume the file upload operation. user doesn't have to restart the file upload from scratch whenever there is a network interruption. Use this option if the file size is large.

To perform a resumable file upload, user need to break the file into multiple chunks and upload these chunks to the image store one-by-one. Chunks don't have to be uploaded in order. If the file represented by the image store relative path already exists, it will be overwritten when the upload session commits.


## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| PUT | `/ImageStore/{contentPath}/$/UploadChunk?api-version=6.0&session-id={session-id}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [`contentPath`](#contentpath) | string | Yes | Path |
| [`Content-Range`](#content-range) | string | Yes | Header |
| [`api-version`](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [`session-id`](#session-id) | string (uuid) | Yes | Query |
| [`timeout`](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### `contentPath`
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
Relative path to file or folder in the image store from its root.

____
### `Content-Range`
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
When uploading file chunks to the image store, the Content-Range header field need to be configured and sent with a request. The format should looks like "bytes {First-Byte-Position}-{Last-Byte-Position}/{File-Length}". For example, Content-Range:bytes 300-5000/20000 indicates that user is sending bytes 300 through 5,000 and the total file length is 20,000 bytes.

____
### `api-version`
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: `6.0` <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This parameter is required and its value must be '6.0'.

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### `session-id`
__Type__: string (uuid) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
A GUID generated by the user for a file uploading. It identifies an image store upload session which keeps track of all file chunks until it is committed.

____
### `timeout`
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: `60` <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: `4294967295` <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: `1` <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This timeout specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return the HTTP 200 OK status code.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-v62-model-fabricerror.md) |
