docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getdeployedservicepackagehealth.md, before:

---
title: "Get Deployed Service Package Health"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Deployed Service Package Health
Gets the information about health of an service package for a specific application deployed for a Service Fabric node and application.

Gets the information about health of service package for a specific application deployed on a Service Fabric node. Use EventsHealthStateFilter to optionally filter for the collection of HealthEvent objects reported on the deployed service package based on health state.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/GetApplications/{applicationId}/$/GetServicePackages/{servicePackageName}/$/GetHealth?api-version=6.0&EventsHealthStateFilter={EventsHealthStateFilter}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [servicePackageName](#servicepackagename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [EventsHealthStateFilter](#eventshealthstatefilter) | integer | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme. Starting from version 6.0, hierarchical names are delimited with the "~" character. For example, if the application name is "fabric://myapp/app1", the application identity would be "myapp~app1" in 6.0+ and "myapp/app1" in previous versions.

____
### servicePackageName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the service package.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### EventsHealthStateFilter
__Type__: integer <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 0 <br/>
<br/>
Allows filtering the collection of HealthEvent objects returned based on health state.
The possible values for this parameter include integer value of one of the following health states.
Only events that match the filter are returned. All events are used to evaluate the aggregated health state.
If not specified, all entries are returned. The state values are flag based enumeration, so the value could be a combination of these value obtained using bitwise 'OR' operator. For example, If the provided value is 6 then all of the events with HealthState value of OK (2) and Warning (4) are returned.

- Default - Default value. Matches any HealthState. The value is zero.
- None - Filter that doesn't match any HealthState value. Used in order to return no results on a given collection of states. The value is 1.
- Ok - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Ok. The value is 2.
- Warning - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Warning. The value is 4.
- Error - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Error. The value is 8.
- All - Filter that matches input with any HealthState value. The value is 65535.


____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code and the health information of the deployed service package for a specific node and application.<br/> | [DeployedServicePackageHealth](sfclient-model-deployedservicepackagehealth.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-getdeployedservicepackagehealth.md, after:

---
title: "Get Deployed Service Package Health"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Get Deployed Service Package Health
Gets the information about health of an service package for a specific application deployed for a Service Fabric node and application.

Gets the information about health of service package for a specific application deployed on a Service Fabric node. Use EventsHealthStateFilter to optionally filter for the collection of HealthEvent objects reported on the deployed service package based on health state.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| GET | `/Nodes/{nodeName}/$/GetApplications/{applicationId}/$/GetServicePackages/{servicePackageName}/$/GetHealth?api-version=6.0&EventsHealthStateFilter={EventsHealthStateFilter}&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [nodeName](#nodename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [applicationId](#applicationid) | string | Yes | Path |
| [servicePackageName](#servicepackagename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [EventsHealthStateFilter](#eventshealthstatefilter) | integer | No | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |

____
### nodeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the node.

____
### applicationId
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The identity of the application. This is typically the full name of the application without the 'fabric:' URI scheme.
Starting from version 6.0, hierarchical names are delimited with the "~" character.
For example, if the application name is "fabric:/myapp/app1", the application identity would be "myapp~app1" in 6.0+ and "myapp/app1" in previous versions.


____
### servicePackageName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the service package.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### EventsHealthStateFilter
__Type__: integer <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 0 <br/>
<br/>
Allows filtering the collection of HealthEvent objects returned based on health state.
The possible values for this parameter include integer value of one of the following health states.
Only events that match the filter are returned. All events are used to evaluate the aggregated health state.
If not specified, all entries are returned. The state values are flag based enumeration, so the value could be a combination of these value obtained using bitwise 'OR' operator. For example, If the provided value is 6 then all of the events with HealthState value of OK (2) and Warning (4) are returned.

- Default - Default value. Matches any HealthState. The value is zero.
- None - Filter that doesn't match any HealthState value. Used in order to return no results on a given collection of states. The value is 1.
- Ok - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Ok. The value is 2.
- Warning - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Warning. The value is 4.
- Error - Filter that matches input with HealthState value Error. The value is 8.
- All - Filter that matches input with any HealthState value. The value is 65535.


____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful operation will return 200 status code and the health information of the deployed service package for a specific node and application.<br/> | [DeployedServicePackageHealth](sfclient-model-deployedservicepackagehealth.md) |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
