docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-unprovisionapplicationtype.md, before:

---
title: "Unprovision Application Type"
ms.date: "2017-10-02"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Unprovision Application Type
Removes or unregisters a Service Fabric application type from the cluster.

Removes or unregisters a Service Fabric application type from the cluster. This operation can only be performed if all application instance of the application type has been deleted. Once the application type is unregistered, no new application instance can be created for this particular application type.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/ApplicationTypes/{applicationTypeName}/$/Unprovision?api-version=6.0&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationTypeName](#applicationtypename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [ApplicationTypeImageStoreVersion](#applicationtypeimagestoreversion) | [ApplicationTypeImageStoreVersion](sfclient-model-applicationtypeimagestoreversion.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### applicationTypeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the application type.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of the API. This is a required parameter and it's value must be "6.0".

____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### ApplicationTypeImageStoreVersion
__Type__: [ApplicationTypeImageStoreVersion](sfclient-model-applicationtypeimagestoreversion.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The version of the application type in the image store.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 202 (Accepted) | A 202 status code indicates the operation was accepted. A successful unprovision will return 202 status code.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |

Commit message:

Service Fabric Client v6.1 APIs and SFRP Preview 2017-07-01 version documentation.
CI Update

ensuring that servicefabric branch is latest as per master.

docs-ref-conceptual/servicefabric/sfclient-api-unprovisionapplicationtype.md, after:

---
title: "Unprovision Application Type"
ms.date: "2018-01-22"
ms.prod: "azure"
ms.service: "service-fabric"
ms.topic: "reference"
applies_to: 
  - "Azure"
  - "Windows Server 2012 R2"
  - "Windows Server 2016"
dev_langs: 
  - "rest-api"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "Service Fabric REST API Reference"
author: "rwike77"
ms.author: "ryanwi"
manager: "timlt"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "pt-br"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
---
# Unprovision Application Type
Removes or unregisters a Service Fabric application type from the cluster.

Removes or unregisters a Service Fabric application type from the cluster. This operation can only be performed if all application instances of the application type has been deleted. Once the application type is unregistered, no new application instances can be created for this particular application type.

## Request
| Method | Request URI |
| ------ | ----------- |
| POST | `/ApplicationTypes/{applicationTypeName}/$/Unprovision?api-version=6.0&timeout={timeout}` |


## Parameters
| Name | Type | Required | Location |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [applicationTypeName](#applicationtypename) | string | Yes | Path |
| [api-version](#api-version) | string | Yes | Query |
| [timeout](#timeout) | integer (int64) | No | Query |
| [UnprovisionApplicationTypeDescriptionInfo](#unprovisionapplicationtypedescriptioninfo) | [UnprovisionApplicationTypeDescriptionInfo](sfclient-model-unprovisionapplicationtypedescriptioninfo.md) | Yes | Body |

____
### applicationTypeName
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The name of the application type.

____
### api-version
__Type__: string <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
__Default__: 6.0 <br/>
<br/>
The version of this API. This is a required parameter and its value must be "6.0".

Service Fabric REST API version is based on the runtime version in which the API was introduced or was changed. Service Fabric runtime supports more than one version of the API. This is the latest supported version of the API. If a lower API version is passed, the returned response may be different from the one documented in this specification.

Additionally the runtime accept any version that is higher than the latest supported version up to the current version of the runtime. So if the latest API version is 6.0, but if the runtime is 6.1, in order to make it easier to write the clients, the runtime will accept version 6.1 for that API. However the behavior of the API will be as per the documented 6.0 version.


____
### timeout
__Type__: integer (int64) <br/>
__Required__: No<br/>
__Default__: 60 <br/>
__InclusiveMaximum__: 4294967295 <br/>
__InclusiveMinimum__: 1 <br/>
<br/>
The server timeout for performing the operation in seconds. This specifies the time duration that the client is willing to wait for the requested operation to complete. The default value for this parameter is 60 seconds.

____
### UnprovisionApplicationTypeDescriptionInfo
__Type__: [UnprovisionApplicationTypeDescriptionInfo](sfclient-model-unprovisionapplicationtypedescriptioninfo.md) <br/>
__Required__: Yes<br/>
<br/>
The relative path for the application package in the image store specified during the prior copy operation.

## Responses

| HTTP Status Code | Description | Response Schema |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 (OK) | A successful provision will return 200 status code.<br/> |  |
| 202 (Accepted) | A 202 status code indicates the operation was accepted.<br/> |  |
| All other status codes | The detailed error response.<br/> | [FabricError](sfclient-model-fabricerror.md) |
